[light chime music] [sighs] [door clicks open] Eleanor? Come on in.
Hi, Eleanor.
I'm Michael.
How are you today? I'm great.
Thanks for asking.
Oh, one question.
Where am I? Who are you? And what's going on? Right, so, you, Eleanor Shellstrop, are dead.
Your life on Earth has ended, and you are now in the next phase of your existence in the universe.
Cool.
Cool.
I have some questions.
Thought you might.
[chuckles] How did I die? I-I don't remember.
Yes, um, in cases of traumatic or embarrassing deaths, we erase the memory to allow for a peaceful transition.
Are you sure you want to hear? All right, so you were in a grocery store parking lot.
You dropped a bottle of something called "Lonely Gal Margarita Mix for One.
" And when you bent down to pick it up, a long column of shopping carts that were being returned to the shopping cart collection area rolled out of control and plowed right into you.
Oof.
That's how I died? No, sorry, there's more.
You were able to grab on to the front of the column of shopping carts, but it swept you right out into the street where you were struck and killed by a mobile billboard truck advertising an erectile dysfunction pill called "Engorge-ulate.
" Funnily enough, the first EMT to arrive was an ex-boyfriend of yours Okay, that's I get it, thank you.
Oh, okay, sorry.
Um, so who was right? I mean about all of this? Well, let's see.
Hindus are a little bit right, Muslims a little bit.
Jews, Christians, Buddhists, every religion guessed about 5%, except for Doug Forcett.
Who who's Doug Forcett? Well, Doug was a stoner kid who lived in Calgary during the 1970s.
One night, he got really high on mushrooms, and his best friend, Randy, said, "Hey, what do you think happens after we die?" And Doug just launched into this long monologue where he got like 92% correct.
[chuckles] I mean, we couldn't believe what we were hearing.
That's him, actually, right up there.
He's pretty famous around here.
I'm very lucky to have that.
- So - [chuckles] Maybe my biggest question: am I I mean, is this Or Well, it's not the heaven or hell idea that you were raised on.
But generally speaking, in the afterlife, there's a Good Place and there's a Bad Place.
You're in the Good Place.
- [exhales sharply] - You're okay, Eleanor.
You're in the Good Place.
Well, that's good.
Sure is.
[laughs] Okay, let's take a walk, shall we? Oh, did I have a purse? No, I'm dead, right.
Okay.
So this is how it works.
The Good Place is divided into distinct neighborhoods.
Each one contains exactly 322 people who have been perfectly selected to blend together into a blissful harmonic balance.
Do all the neighborhoods look like this? No, every neighborhood is unique.
Some have warm weather, some cold.
Some are cities, some farmland.
But in each one, every blade of grass, every ladybug, every detail has been precisely designed and calibrated for its residents.
There's a lot of frozen yogurt places.
Yeah.
[sighs] That's the one thing we put in all the neighborhoods.
People love frozen yogurt.
I don't know what to tell you.
You're gonna have a million more questions, I know.
For right now, better grab a seat.
Movie's about to begin.
[indistinct chatter] - Ah.
[chuckles] Hello, everyone.
- And welcome to your first day in the afterlife.
You were all, simply put, good people.
But how do we know that you were good? How are we sure? - During your time on Earth, - every one of your actions had a positive or a negative value, depending on how much good or bad that action put into the universe.
- Every sandwich you ate, - - every time you bought a magazine, - every single thing you did had an effect that rippled out over time and ultimately created some amount of good or bad.
You know how some people pull into the breakdown lane when there's traffic? And they think to themselves, "Ah, who cares? No one's watching.
" We were watching.
Surprise.
[laughter] Anyway, when your time on Earth has ended, we calculate the total value of your life using our perfectly accurate measuring system.
Only the people with the very highest scores, the true cream of the crop, get to come here, to the Good Place.
What happens to everyone else, you ask? Don't worry about it.
The point is, you are here because you lived one of the very best lives that could be lived.
And you won't be alone.
Your true soul mate is here too.
- [crowd gasps and murmurs] - That's right.
Soul mates are real.
One of the other people in your neighborhood is your actual soul mate, and you will spend eternity together.
So welcome to eternal happiness.
Welcome to the Good Place.
Sponsored by: otters holding hands while they sleep.
You know the way you feel when you see a picture of two otters holding hands? That's how you're gonna feel every day.
[applause] So who is in the Bad Place, that would shock me? Uh, well, Mozart, Picasso, Elvis, basically every artist ever, uh, every U.
S.
president except Lincoln.
That sounds about right.
What about Florence Nightingale? That was close, but, no, she didn't make it.
Wow, all those amazing people down there, it just seems so hard to believe.
Again, it's an incredibly selective system.
Most people don't make it here.
But you, a lawyer who got innocent people off death row, you're special, Eleanor.
And by the way, welcome to your new home.
Oh, it's perfect, isn't it? You see, in the Good Place, every person gets to live in a home that perfectly matches his or her true essence.
Cool.
So I guess that's why my house, for example, is this adorable little cottage, whereas other people might have homes that are bigger, like that one.
Exactly.
Oh, I'm so happy you get it.
As you can see, the interior has been decorated just as you like it, in the Icelandic primitive style.
Oh, oh, and, uh, of course, you love clowns, so I do love clowns.
Now, let me show you the, uh the video system here.
[shimmering tone] You can review everything that happened in your life from your point of view.
There we go.
This is your Human Rights mission to the Ukraine.
I mean, you got a ton of points for that one.
It really put you over the top.
Oh.
Chidi, come on in.
Eleanor? I'm Chidi Anagonye, and you are my soul mate.
Cool, bring it in, man.
Now, excuse me.
I have other people to attend to.
So where you from, Chidi? Well, I was born in Nigeria, raised in Senegal, but my work took me all over the place Australia, Hong Kong, Paris.
What about you? Uh, well, I I was born in Phoenix.
- Mm-hmm.
- Arizona.
And then I went to school in Tempe, Arizona.
And then I moved back to Phoenix, Arizona.
Your English is amazing.
Oh! I'm actually speaking French.
This place just translates whatever you say into a language the other person can understand.
- So it's incredible.
- Whoa.
And now I want to say this.
Mm-kay.
Eleanor.
I have spent my entire life in pursuit of fundamental truths about the universe.
And now we can actually learn about them together as soul mates.
It's overwhelming.
Chidi.
You'll stand by my side no matter what, right? Of course I will.
Promise me.
Say, "I promise I will never betray you for any reason.
" Eleanor, I swear that I will never say or do anything to cause you any harm.
Good.
Because those aren't my memories.
I wasn't a lawyer.
I never went to the Ukraine.
I hate clowns.
There's been a big mistake.
I'm not supposed to be here.
Wait, what? [light instrumental music] [children chattering] Are you sure this isn't you? Yeah, man, I'm pretty sure I wasn't a death row lawyer who collected clown paintings and rescued orphans.
They got my name right, but nothing else.
I mean, somebody royally forked up.
Somebody forked up.
Why can't I say "fork"? If you're trying to curse, you can't here.
I guess a lot of people in this neighborhood don't like it, so it's prohibited.
That's bullshirt.
So, uh, if you're not this person, then who are you? What did you do for a living? I was in sales.
So we sell two products here, NasaPRO and NasaPRO Silver.
We aim this at seniors.
Now, you can't legally call it medicine because it doesn't technically work and it is technically chalk, so what you're gonna want to do You need me to lie to old people and scare them into buying fake medicine.
I get it, man.
Which one's my desk? So your job was to defraud the elderly? Sorry the sick and elderly? But I was very good at it.
I was the top salesperson five years running.
Okay, but that's worse.
I mean, you you do get how that's worse? - Right? - Mm.
[indistinct chatter] You know, maybe it's a test.
Maybe if you go to Michael and you tell him the truth, you'll pass the test and you'll get to stay.
No way.
I can't risk going to the Bad Place.
Okay, well, maybe it's not actually, like, all that bad.
Let's just get some information first.
We'll ask Janet.
Hey, Janet? - Hi there.
- Gah! How can I help you? What the fork? Who are you? I'm Janet.
I'm the informational assistant here in the Good Place.
She's like this walking database.
You can ask her about the creation of the universe or history Oh, there was a guy who lived in Avondale, Arizona, around 2002.
His name was Kevin Paltonic.
- Is he gay? - No.
Really? Huh.
I guess he just didn't want to have sex with me.
That's correct.
Well, that's fine, I wasn't that into him anyway.
- Yes, you were.
- Okay, Janet, - I have a question.
- Okay.
What is the Bad Place like? Oh, sorry, that is the one topic I'm not allowed to tell you about.
I can only play you a brief audio clip of what is happening there right now.
Okay.
[people yelling and screaming, mechanical buzzing] - The bear has two mouths! - [people screaming] [sound stops] Well, it doesn't sound awesome.
[scoffs] Does everyone have a huge house except me? All right, we need a plan.
I say we just lie low and hope that they don't notice me.
I'm sorry, I don't think I can help you.
I just don't like being dishonest, and I can't advise you to be dishonest either.
Come on, I'm just asking you to fudge a little bit.
You must've told a few white lies in your life.
I mean, what was your job? I was a professor of ethics and moral philosophy.
Motherforker! I'm getting a stomachache.
I'm in a perfect utopia, and I'm I have a stomachache.
This is awful.
I-I, uh I think I have to tell Michael about this.
Tell Michael about what? Michael? Hi.
What have you been up to? Eleanor, Chidi, I would like you to meet Tahani and Jianyu.
They are soul mates and your next-door neighbors.
Hello.
Can I just say I love your house? It's just so tiny and cute.
It's like a little child's plaything, like for a family of mice or for a very fancy little dog.
I love it.
It's just so sweet and teensy.
Just like you.
Boop.
- Oh.
- Oh.
You booped me.
Ha-ha.
- I did.
- That's fun.
Tahani and Jianyu are having a little welcome party tonight, and they've invited the entire neighborhood.
- [squeaks] - I simply adore entertaining.
Don't I just adore it, Jianyu? Oh, um, yes, by the way, Jianyu here is a Buddhist monk, you see? And he obeys a strict code of silence.
So when you see him smiling and nodding, that's actually his way of jumping up and down with glee.
Isn't that right, darling? So we'll see you tonight? - Great.
- Yes.
[indistinct chatter] - [scoffs] - No way.
[indistinct chatter] My entire house could fit in this room.
Okay, uh help me out here.
Tell me one good thing that you did on Earth, just one truly kind and decent act so that I can feel better about helping you out.
Let's forget about good.
Um, just tell me something neutral about yourself.
Like, tell me about the day before you died.
What do you remember? Hi there.
Do you have a second to talk about the environment? Do you have a second to eat my farts? You missed.
[scoffs] Pick it up if you're so horny for the environment.
I don't remember anything specific.
- Oh.
- Look.
I might not have been a saint, but it's not like I killed anybody.
I wasn't an arsonist.
I never found a wallet outside of an IHOP and thought about returning it but saw the owner lived out of state so just took the cash and dropped the wallet back on the ground.
Okay, that's really specific, and that makes me think that you definitely did do that.
All I'm saying is these people might be "good," but are they really that much better than me? Well, I spent half my life in North Korea fighting for women's rights and the other half in Saudi Arabia fighting for gay rights.
So we said, "If the U.
N.
won't remove those land mines, we will.
" And we dug up over a thousand unexploded land mines from the area surrounding the orphanage.
Well, then he said, "You can't give me both your kidneys; you'll die.
" And I said, "But you will live.
" And I know we just met on this bus ten minutes ago, but he seemed nice.
[groans] Oh, forget it.
Heading to the bar! [glass clinking] [polite applause] Thank you, thank you.
You all know that I am the architect of this neighborhood.
But what you don't know is Golly, I'm not supposed to tell you this, but, um, oh, what the heck? This is actually the very first neighborhood that I have ever designed.
I had been an apprentice for over 200 years, and my boss has finally given me my first solo project.
- [murmurs and applause] - Yes! [laughs] Ah, gah-gah gah-gah-gah.
Hold on there, ace.
Let me get more of them shrampies.
- Okay, easy.
- What? They're for everybody, right? Yes, exactly.
And you deserve a perfect world because every single one of you is a good person.
That's it for me.
Back to you, Tahani.
- Bravo, Michael, bravo! - Thank you.
Um, and I would just like to quickly say if any of you would like to play tennis tonight, we have 36 regulation grass tennis courts.
Such fun.
Cheers.
[laughs] [applause] Tahani, what a condescending bench.
- Okay, okay, okay, okay.
- Am I right? Why does she still have that British accent, right? No one else here has an accent.
She's choosing to have that accent.
- Shh-shh-shh-shh.
- [stodgily] "Oh, hello.
"I am just a big, beautiful, utterly perfect cartoon giraffe.
" Oh, okay.
Okay.
- I think it's time to go home.
- [laughing mockingly] Wait, wait, wait.
I just have to go upstairs real quick and steal a bunch of gold stuff.
Okay, don't do that.
Don't do no, Eleanor, Eleanor, Eleanor.
[light instrumental music] Hello, creepy house that I hate.
Hello, one million clowns.
Why aren't there stairs here? [groans] What kind of weirdo house is this? Ooh.
Did you fill your bra with shrimp? No.
[hiccups] Yes.
Whatever, it's freakin' heaven.
I'm sure they have plenty of shellfish.
That Tahani is a real butthead, huh? [gasps] Hey.
At least I can still say "butthead.
" [groans] She is a butthead.
Found some pajamas.
Chidi Chidi, Chidi? I'm sorry that you had to deal with this It's okay.
It's not, though.
[sighs] Do you think anybody cared that I died? Maybe someone did.
I don't know.
I was an only child.
My parents were divorced when I was a kid.
They were both crummy people, so they're probably [imitates fart] in the Bad Place.
Maybe they're being used to torture each other.
It would work.
[chuckles] I bet way more people cared that you died.
'Cause you're a nice person.
[clears throat] You're a nice person, Chidi Anaconda.
Anagonye.
Aganocomonga.
Anagonye.
- Ags say it again.
- Anagonye.
No, say what you said before.
I did.
It's Anagonye.
You just changed it.
I didn't change it; it's my name.
Argrugande.
Ariana Grande.
[gasps] That's a person.
I did it.
Good night.
Good night.
[button clicks] [playful music] [people cheer] [playful musical flourish] Well, that's terrifying.
[snoring] [thunder crashes, birds cawing] [thunder crashing] That can't be good.
[pop music] I'm stronger than I've been before This is the part When I break free 'Cause I can't resist it no more Oh, fork.
The part when I say I don't want ya I'm stronger than I've been before This is the part When I break free 'Cause I can't resist it no more - Michael.
- Mm? Is that giant, terrifying ladybug supposed to be there? Ah, well, great question, Tahani.
No.
No, it's not.
I have no idea why any of this is happening or how to control it.
Should we run away then? Yes.
It was lethal - Righto.
- It was fatal In my dreams, it just felt so right But I woke up every time Ooh, baby This is the part When I say I don't want ya I'm stronger than I've been before Chidi, Chidi! What's going on? Why are there giant animals everywhere? Do you hear Ariana Grande playing? Why is everyone wearing blue and yellow? You're not.
You're you're the only one who's not.
Eleanor, this is all happening because of you.
Ah, fork me.
Okay, okay.
We don't know this is because of me.
Eleanor, this place is a perfectly made Swiss watch, and you are a wrench in the gears.
Actually, you're a hammer, just smashing the gears into dust.
Oh, hang on.
Not everybody here is perfect, okay? Tahani is totally condescending.
And there are a couple of, you know, chunksters.
Oh, come on! No judgment.
I'm just saying I'm not the only one with flaws.
So how can we be sure this is my fault? You hogged all the shrimp, and now there are shrimp flying around.
You called Tahani a giraffe, and now there are giraffes everywhere.
Okay, fine, turns out there are many ways to know that it was me.
Let's just face it, Eleanor, you don't belong here.
Well, then this system sucks.
What, one in a million gets to live in paradise and everyone else is tortured for eternity? Come on.
I mean, I wasn't freaking Gandhi, but I was okay.
I was a medium person.
I should get to spend eternity in a medium place! Like Cincinnati.
Everyone who wasn't perfect but wasn't terrible should get to spend eternity in Cincinnati.
Look, apparently it doesn't work that way.
I'm sorry, Eleanor, but there's nothing anyone can do.
Unless there is something we can do.
Unless you could teach me.
Teach you what? How to be good.
That was your job, right? A professor of ethics? No one knew I was a problem when I arrived.
Things only started getting crazy after I was an ash-hole to everyone at the party.
[groans] You know I'm trying to say "ash-hole" and not "ash-hole," right? I got that, yes.
Okay, give me a chance.
Let me earn my place here.
Let me be your ethical guinea pig.
[knock at door] Hey, guys! Uh, emergency neighborhood meeting, now! We'll be right there, Michael! If I walk out of here in these clothes, I'm toast.
My soul is in your hands, soul mate.
What's it gonna be? [knock at door] [thunder crashes] Oh, stomachache.
[mid-tempo music] I, uh I don't know what to do here.
This is a mess, morally speaking.
This is a putrid, disgusting bowl of ethical soup.
Okay, well how about we just chill and go to the town meeting and talk it out after? - W - Great.
Hey, how do I make that helper woman show up? Hello? Front desk lady? Magical slave robot? Excuse me, Janet? - Hi there.
- [gasps] Gah still not used to it.
Um, Janet, I need quick question: can anyone access our search history, or is this an incognito browsing situation like when you're stalking a hot male man from your work computer? It is 100% confidential.
No one can access what you ask me, including Michael.
Now, what kind of pornography would you like to see? No.
No, no, no, not porn.
I, um I need clothes like yours and Chidi's with the stripes.
There you go.
[indistinct chatter] [claps] Everybody, everybody! Uh, gather round, please, thank you, thank you.
Obviously, there's something very wrong with this neighborhood.
We don't know what it is, how long it will last, or what caused it.
What do we know, Janet? We know where it happened.
Here.
Yes, thank you, Janet.
The chaos happened here.
See, that's the trouble with these perfect systems.
One little flaw can lead to well, it can lead to Gary over there.
[indistinct murmuring] Hey, Gary.
Hang in there, buddy.
Boy, my armpits are leaking.
What is that called again? - Sweat.
- Right, right.
Still not used to being in a human body.
And what do you do with sweat? Do do you lick it away, is that right? No, you dab it with a cloth.
Oh, right.
And then you lick the cloth? That seems weirder.
Michael.
Look! Okay.
That's a good sign.
It it could mean that this is almost over.
Oh, such a relief.
That was my first time as a fashion "don't," and I did not care for it.
Okay, I think it is time to make me good, partner.
How do we do it? Is there a pill I can take or something I could vape? Where did you get a chalkboard? It's the Good Place; you can get anything you want at any time.
And you chose a chalkboard? What are you reading? "The Metaphysics of Morals" by Immanuel Kant.
It's a treatise on the aesthetic preconditions of the mind's receptivity to duty.
A book on how to act good.
Oh, great! So you've decided to help me? I don't know.
There's a thousand questions.
Is there a moral imperative to help you? Do I have a greater obligation to my community? Are you taking someone else's spot, someone who deserves to be here? Ooh, on that question, I honestly think I was just put here by mistake.
Because Michael called me Eleanor Shellstrop, so he knows I'm me.
He's just wrong about my overall "quality" level.
Please, help me, man.
I swear I am worth it.
Tell me one fact that you know about me.
I mean, we spent the whole day together.
You must remember something.
What country am I from? [groans] Is it racist if I say Africa? Yes, and Africa is not a country.
I am from Senegal.
Do I have any siblings? Where did I go to college? Trick question.
You didn't.
I was literally a college professor.
Do you not remember one single thing about me? Dude, things have been nuts around here.
I bet you don't know anything about me.
You were born in Phoenix.
You went to school in Tempe.
You're an only child.
Your favorite show is something called "The Real Housewives of Atlanta," and your favorite book is Kendall Jenner's Instagram feed.
How did you know all that? Because you are constantly talking about yourself.
You are the most self-obsessed person I have ever met.
You should see Kendall Jenner's Instagram feed.
Okay, this is my fear about you, Eleanor.
You are too selfish to ever be a good person.
Well, I think you're wrong.
What country am I from, again? Sen sodyne.
That is a brand of toothpaste.
Look, the only thing that you are concerned with is your own happiness.
That's your problem.
[scoffs] Okay, names in the hat.
Time to pick a designated driver.
And the loser is Betsy.
Wait, you never get picked, and you're always the one who draws the name.
- Let me see that.
- There's no need.
Everyone here believes in my integrity 100%, right, guys? Give it to me.
For the record, I did that out of principle, because it absolutely had your name on it.
If I check the other ones, I can figure it out by process of elimination.
[indistinct chatter] All right, everyone, let's get started.
Things have settled down.
Whew! [chuckles] So hopefully, we're off and running.
Welcome to orientation, day two.
Now, today we're gonna start with something that everyone has always wanted to do.
Flying.
[gasps and warm applause] Now that you're dead, let's live a little, right? Uh, sorry.
Uh, Michael? If if I might? I was just thinking, earlier today in all of the chaos, large swaths of this neighborhood were destroyed.
We thought perhaps some of us could, uh, volunteer to help clean up the debris.
You know, it's quite a fun way to band together as a community, isn't that right, Jianyu? Oh, uh, yeah, sorry.
For those of you who don't know, my soul mate, Jianyu here, is a Buddhist monk.
He took a vow of silence that he's still observing, even here, in the Good Place.
It's truly inspiring.
Well, Tahani, it's not really your job to clean up, but I suppose there's no harm if you really want to.
Oh, well, hurrah.
We need about, uh, 12 volunteers.
Oh! I can't believe all these people are passing on flying to pick up garbage all day.
[chuckles] Have fun, nerds.
I'll be soaring through the air like a forkin' bird.
Eleanor and I would love to help.
Ah, hurrah-hurrah, yay.
Dude.
You want to prove you're not selfish? Here's the perfect test.
There's something fun that you want to do, and then there's something less fun that people are doing for the common good.
Which do you choose? Have fun.
Whoo! [woman laughing] - Hey! - [people chattering] Yeah! Whee! Hey, up there, having fun, or does it maybe suck, probably? I'd say it's like 50 million simultaneous orgasms, but better.
How's volunteer garbage pickup? - About the same.
- Great! Whee! You know, this really reminds me of my time in Vietnam, picking up mortar shells with my godmother, Diana.
Doesn't really matter of what she's a princess of.
It's not really important.
Tahani! How goes the cleaning? Oh, swimmingly, Michael.
And I have to say this neighborhood that you've built is truly a masterpiece, the likes of which I've never seen.
And I've been to Johnny Depp's private bird sanctuary.
Well, thank you.
That's very kind of you to say.
[sniffs] But it's also dead wrong.
This neighborhood is a disaster.
See, I must have made a mistake somewhere.
[sniffs] And it led to all this chaos, and now I'm just I'm just terrified that it's gonna happen again.
I'm trying to put a good face on well, this this face that I've constructed for myself.
But the truth is, I I'm just miserable.
[sniffs] I have to go.
Thank you so much for your service.
Oh, no.
Powerful people do not handle failure well.
Michael could be heading for a total meltdown.
Soul mate, are you thinking what I'm thinking? Should we say it at the same time? All right.
One, two, three.
We must help Michael.
Oh, you sly devil.
You're going to keep me on my toes, aren't you? All right, come on.
Let's go.
[giggling] - Oh.
- Ooh.
Hey, Gunnar! Hey, Antonio! Hey, Eleanor.
- Isn't this great? - Um, yeah.
When I thought of the afterlife, I totally pictured being an unpaid, non-flying janitor.
Us too! [laughter] You guys are so fun.
Just relentlessly fun.
I keep thinking, "When are they gonna stop being fun?" And the answer is never.
- You're never gonna stop.
- [both giggling] Well, I have had a pretty full day of being unselfish.
I've made some new friends.
My area's almost garbage-free.
So you're gonna help me figure out how to stay, right? Well, that is a really tough question.
Most great philosophers would say helping you is pointless, that you can't try to be good, especially when your motivations are so obviously corrupt.
Yeah, but what do most great philosophers know? On the other hand, Aristotle thought that moral virtue is something that you could get better at.
He he compared it to playing the flute.
The more you practice, the more you improve.
Aristotle! That's my boy, right there.
He was the best.
I mean, most people agree he was the best one.
So it sounds to me like you are on board the "help Eleanor" train.
Well, I've narrowed it down to two possibilities: yes and no.
Well, no worries.
Just hit me up when you're done weighing my life in your hands.
I'll just keep doing what I do best: being super considerate and selfless.
[exhales] Hey, guys.
Okay, Eleanor, reminder.
We switched to a rotating system for choosing a designated driver, and it's your turn.
Got it.
Full disclosure, I forgot we were doing this new system.
I got off work early.
I've been here for about an hour, and I'm already pretty drunk.
Someone else will do it.
Good call.
Guess the only place I'll be driving is through the giant loophole in the system I accidentally discovered.
Beep! Beep! [laughs] [slurping] Whoo! - Whoa! - [people cheering] I can't believe they've managed to mix one million flavors together, and yet, somehow, I can taste each individual one.
It's remarkable.
I got no-flavor.
- It's all I deserve, really.
- No.
Look, I I appreciate you trying to cheer me up.
I really do, but you don't understand.
This was the very first neighborhood that I got to design.
It was my chance to prove myself, and now I've blown it.
You know, sometimes a flaw can make something even more beautiful, like with Cindy Crawford and how short she is.
Oh, Tahani, if I made one tiny mistake in my design, if there's a single glitch in the system, if even one blade of grass is angled a a fraction of a degree off [dog whimpers] The whole neighborhood is compromised.
Whose dog is that? Guys, whose dog is that? Whose dog is that? See, this is one of those glitches I was talking about.
Nice try, puppy! [dog whimpering] [dog whimpers, pop] Whew! [chuckles] That was a close one.
Teacup? Hey, have you seen my dog? [grunts] Shouldn't these be magical trash bags? Five more minutes, flyers! Five more minutes! Oh, man, really? [bright instrumental music] Janet, I'm finished with cleanup, and I'm ready to fly.
- How do I start? - Hop on the launch pad and conjure an image that brings you pure joy.
Some people think of their wedding day or favorite vacation spot.
People puking on roller coasters.
People puking on roller coasters.
[gasps] [laughs] It's working! Ow! What the fork? [thunder crashing] Janet, any chance this is a scheduled trash storm? So here's the situation, Pevita.
I kind of kicked your dog into the sun.
But I got her back.
- [dog whimpers and growls] - Everything everything seems fine.
Teacup, thank goodness you're okay.
Everyone, it is merely a construct of a dog.
It feels no pain or joy or love.
Teacup doesn't love me? Oh! Oh, no, no, no, no, no, it definitely feels love.
Do you actually want a dog that loves you a little bit more? Because I can kick her right back into the sun and get you another one just like that.
- No! - Oh, boy.
I'm making things worse.
Okay, all right, that's all right.
Breathe.
Breathe do you breathe? - Mm-hmm.
- If you do, then just breathe 'cause everything's fine, Michael, it's fine.
Ooh! [wind whistling] It's raining garbage.
Run! Ooh, ooh, no, no, no, I'm gonna run this way.
[garbage clattering] Chidi! Hey.
Before you say anything That's it, I just don't want you to say anything.
- What did you do? - Nothing! It just started raining trash out of nowhere for no reason at all.
- [thunder crashes] - [screams] Oh okay, fine, fine.
My bag broke, and I ditched the trash instead of taking it all the way to the dumpster.
But in my defense, there were only five minutes left in flying and I wanted to go flying.
How is that a defense? You made a bad choice.
I made a bad choice? We could have literally been flying, and all you wanted to do was talk about morals.
I mean, you're like the worst part of Superman.
This is a relief.
I can stop my deliberations.
You're a selfish person, and it is pointless to help you.
You are on your own.
Oh, man.
[laughing] How 'bout this trash storm, Gunnar? More cleaning up to do.
It's a it's a dream come true.
[gasps] [both exhale] We're okay! You can't die here.
Come on, I mean, even you have to admit, those guys are psycho.
I don't know what's happening to me.
I mean, it's my duty to be calm and in control and I'm falling apart.
No, Michael, you are a paragon of fortitude.
You're a mountain of strength.
I'm not a mountain of strength.
I'm a canyon full of poo-poo.
[sobbing] Jianyu, the architect of this neighborhood has just referred to himself as a canyon full of poo-poo.
Surely now, you will say something? Grace us with your vocalized wisdom.
Please, I'm begging you.
[gentle piano music] Oh.
Yes, yes, I understand.
The strength is inside me.
It's been there all along.
No, of course, I can overcome any obstacle.
Oh, thank you, Jianyu, thank you.
[laughs] I'm back.
You did it.
Oh, you have so much to teach me.
Maybe I should try to be silent too.
No really, look.
Here I go.
Oh! That was wonderful! So cleansing.
[eerie music] [laughter] Just water tonight, huh? Designated driver? Yeah, it sucks.
I think it's awesome.
I mean, someone's got to do it, right? I think it's a cool thing to do for people.
Yeah.
No no, I meant I meant I it sucks that I can't do it more often, you know? I actually prefer it to drinking.
Staying sober and knowing my friends will get home safe, that's my buzz.
Hey, guys, good news and bad news.
See that hot bartender over there? He's into me, and we're gonna bang it out.
The bad news is, it means I can't drive you guys home.
But I did call a cab for you guys.
But they recognized my number, and they didn't want to come.
I've thrown up in a lot of cabs.
So are we good here? Eleanor, you have a very important choice to make.
If you blow us off, you are banned from Thursday night drinks forever.
Yeah, I'm good with that.
I'll see you guys at work.
Peace! You, let's go.
[sighs] Hey.
How did you know I was here? I saw you from my window.
That's where I live, by the way.
Not that you ever asked.
What are you doing? I went to all the places where I dumped trash earlier and cleaned it up so it couldn't be traced back to me.
Well, it looks like you cleaned up everything.
You're doing this because you feel bad.
And you're not even doing it to get me to help you anymore because I told you that's not gonna happen.
Okay, yeah, fine, I felt bad for stupid Gunnar and stupider Antonio and the whole neighborhood.
I felt bad about what I did.
It was a weird feeling.
Not used to it.
Didn't love it.
Well, feeling remorse about being wrong isn't as good as just doing something right, but it's a start.
Look, I think you're capable of change.
And I will help you try.
Oh, wow, man, I swear I won't let you down.
Hi there.
I've collected the worst-smelling garbage that I could find.
Do you still want me to dump it inside of Antonio's house? What? No.
I did not tell you to do that.
You are loco, girlfriend.
Okay, I won't let you down starting now.
[chuckling] Ah, Eleanor.
- Good morning.
- Michael.
Do you know what the best part about this place is? You figured out how to make a to-go cup that doesn't leak right where the seam meets the lid.
Oh, I'm so glad you noticed.
I was very proud of that.
One of the hardest problems I had to solve.
Eleanor, I know what you did.
Cleaning up the entire neighborhood by yourself.
[laughs] I knew you were special, but this is proof.
Enjoy your coffee.
And the cup.
Okay, let's begin your "good person" lessons.
You got a long way to go to pull this off.
It will take hours and hours of studying ethics and moral philosophy.
We're gonna have assignments and quizzes and papers.
It's gonna be so much fun.
Remind me what I'm getting out of this again.
You get to avoid eternal damnation.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Hey, I got you a present.
What? Senegal.
That's not a present; that's just common decency.
Yeah, but I forkin' nailed it.
Good talk.
[tense music] Ah, shirt.
So Aristotle was Plato's student.
And Aristotle believes that your character - is voluntary, - because it's just the result of your actions, which are under your control.
For example, right now, you have made the insane choice to ignore the person who is literally trying to save you from eternal damnation.
No, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm listening.
Uh, I just are we sure we should be paying attention to these guys? It's like, who died and left Aristotle in charge of ethics? Plato.
[knock at door] Uh, coming! Uh, we're just kissing.
And groping? [mouths] What? Hello.
Tahani.
Hi.
What brings you here? You know, I was just, uh, in the neighborhood.
[giggles] Do you get it, Eleanor? Because, you know, we're all in the same afterlife, so, you know, I'm always in the neighborhood.
Do you get it? And I do, and it's delightful.
Anyway, this is for you.
Just a housewarming plant.
It's a little reminder that if there's ever anything that you need, I am right next door.
How could I possibly forget? Have a great day, Tahani! Oh, all right.
[door slams] Ugh.
Tahani.
[British accent] Welcome to the neighborhood.
Even though we all arrived here at the same time, here's some dirt I put in a bowl because I'm amazing.
I thought it was kind of a nice gesture.
Oh, Chidi.
It's a total con.
I see through her little act.
Her act of being a nice person who brings you gifts? - Bingo.
- Okay.
I'll I'll remind you that you're trying to learn how to be a good person.
Maybe you should return the favor and bring her something.
Oh, so now I'm supposed to be nice and make friends - and treat her with mutual respect? - Yeah.
That exactly what she wants me to do, Chidi, wake up! That that's what everyone wants everyone to do.
Hello, Chidi.
No frozen yogurt for you this morning? Oh, uh, no, just, uh, doing some reading.
Ugh, been there, brother.
Workin' hard or hardly workin', am I right? Hump day.
Uh, sorry.
Janet's functioning as my assistant, but she's a little stiff, so I've been trying to get her to be a little more casual and conversational.
I'll have what she's having.
It's a work in progress.
Listen, Chidi.
I've been studying your file.
You're a very interesting case.
You essentially only did one thing while you were on earth.
You thought and wrote about ethics.
Yes, I spent 18 years working on my manuscript called "Who We Are and Who We Are Not colon "Practical Ethics and Their application.Application in the Modern World semi-colon a Treatise" Yes, yes, yes, that's the one.
That's the one.
I think you should experience new adventures.
You know, do things that you haven't done on earth, right? So why don't we meet tomorrow and try out some new hobbies.
Uh, why not? I'll I'll see you guys tomorrow.
Not if I see you first.
Where's the beef? [chuckles] - I don't know.
- Hump day.
[knocking] Hello, Eleanor.
Jianyu, darling, look, it's Eleanor from next door.
Is he asleep? Yeah, there's really no way to tell.
Come on in.
What brings you to our home, my dear? Well, I'm simply repaying your kind gift with a housewarming gift of my own.
Fresh pears.
It's a plant, just like your gift, but you can actually eat them.
So maybe it's a better gift.
- Who's to say? - That's so kind.
However, in, um, Chinese culture, pears are actually a symbol of bad luck.
And and I wouldn't want to offend Jianyu, so I'm afraid I'm gonna have to throw these in the garbage.
But do come and sit down.
We haven't even had a chance to discuss all of the mayhem in our neighborhood yet.
- It's so disconcerting.
- Yes.
What do you think is causing it? Oh, I'm sure I don't know.
But we must keep our heads up.
In fact, tomorrow I'm actually going door-to-door to make sure that every single person in this entire neighborhood is keeping calm and carrying on.
'Cause I think that helping others will make me feel like I truly belong here, you know? Here's a brainstorm, why don't I go with you? I mean, I would love to do my part to help the neighborhood, not to mention, get a little bonding time with you, lady.
Oh, hurrah! Such fun.
I'm telling you, Tahani's out to get me.
What are you talking about? This note was slipped under my door yesterday.
It has to be Tahani.
She just said to me, "I want to feel like I truly belong here.
" Well, where have I seen the word "belong" recently? Oh yeah, kaplow! I really don't think she's the type of person who would write this.
She is that kind of person and she did write it.
She wants everybody to think she's such a perfect princess just 'cause she's tall and glamorous and has cappuccino skin and curves everywhere and now I'm complimenting her.
And kind of turned on.
The point is, she straight up sucks, bro.
[chiming] - Whoa.
- Typical Tahani.
Brings us a faulty plant so she can brag about being a better gardener.
No, I think this is another way in which your negative actions affect this world.
This plant represents your relationship to Tahani, so when you're mean to her, it starts to wilt.
Well, then this plant is doomed, because tomorrow, I'm going with her and I'm gonna prove to you and to everyone that she is secretly a two-faced, calculating, phony bench.
[weeping] Hmm.
Yeah.
Truth hurts, doesn't it, plant? So all I want to do is just check in, see how everyone's holding up.
Just bring some cheer to these extraordinary people.
Cool.
So tell me about yourself.
I mean, I want to hear it all, girlfriend.
The good, the bad, the really bad, the embarrassing, the humiliating, just let's bond! Okay, well I was born in Pakistan, raised in London, schooled in Paris, but I think the primary reason that I'm in the Good Place is that I raised quite a lot of money for non-profit groups.
Oh.
Did you ever, uh, skim a little off the top for yourself? Gracious, no, no! Every penny was accounted for.
And as I raised nearly $60 billion, there was quite a lot of pennies.
[chuckles] But I also dabbled in some other professions.
I was a model, a museum curator, an "It Girl," and oh, I was Baz Luhrmann's muse for a while.
That was quite fun.
Modeling? That's a crazy life.
Want to tell me about that rock bottom you probably hit? Oh, I didn't really do it for long.
Couture just doesn't fit my body.
I'm cursed with ample bosom.
And yet you soldier on.
Oh, this is silly so "Tahani" means "congratulations" in Arabic.
And "Al-Jamil" means "beautiful," so my full name altogether means "Congratulations, Beautiful.
" Thanks, Eleanor.
You big flirt.
[giggles] Hey, babe, got you coffee.
Oh, great.
Oh, Andy's Coffee, uh, we shouldn't go there.
Everybody's boycotting.
Yeah, I know that one guy found a scorpion in his latte.
I don't really care, though, 'cause it's so close to here.
No, no, no, it's because he's sexually harassing people.
Look, a journalist went undercover for an interview and recorded him.
Here, watch.
Here's the thing, sweetheart.
You're very qualified, but you're also what we call in the coffee shop game a, uh, "dog-face.
" You're a three, and you have to be a nine to work here.
It's just math.
So I didn't get the job? [chuckles] No, dog-face, you didn't get the job.
All right, I'll check your references.
- Just to be nice - Hey, my breasts! I'll check 'em.
Oh, they're good.
Honk! I mean, this guy's a monster, we can't support this guy.
Okay, hey, you're not better than me just 'cause you won't support a guy who grabbed a boob once.
No, I'm just saying we shouldn't go there.
We can get coffee somewhere else.
Did you know your left reference is a little bit bigger than your right reference? It's not a bad thing, it's just it's a thing.
This is the perfect hobby for you, Chidi.
Cartography.
Your neighborhood stretches way beyond what you've already seen.
And you can map it, revealing all of the mysteries, like an explorer.
I see how that might be fun.
Uh, but, uh, exploring makes me nervous.
I have what doctor's call "directional insanity.
" I once got lost on an escalator.
So not exactly Christopher Columbus.
Fun fact: Columbus is in the Bad Place because of all the raping, slave trade, and genocide.
The fact that it makes you nervous is exactly why you should do it.
You know, get out of your comfort zone.
Become a trail-blazer.
Fun fact: all deceased members of the Portland Trail Blazers basketball team are also in the Bad Place.
[giggles] Yeah, sorry about this.
I steered her away from colloquialisms and into "fun facts" and trivia tidbits.
I thought it'd be more in her wheelhouse.
Fun fact: a "wheelhouse" is a part of a boat.
Okay, thank you, Janet, thank you.
Fun fact: Janet is me.
All right, let's forget about exploring.
Plenty more ideas for hobbies.
Let's walk back to town, shall we? - Wrong way.
- Yep.
Well, Glenn, we just wanted to make sure you were all right.
Tahani, you're too sweet.
Isn't she just the nicest person? Mm-hmm.
That is what a lot of people are saying.
Oh, everyone I know is saying that.
Yeah, it's just a big neighborhood full of enormous mansions and people who love Tahani! [both laughing] Eleanor and I just want to see if there's anything we can do to help you.
Oh, Tahani, you are so thoughtful.
Despite all the chaos earlier, we simply couldn't be happier.
Oh, I'm so glad to hear it, Cualli.
Please take a maple butter scone.
I made them fresh this morning.
Oh, they look a bit burned.
But they're not.
Hmm.
Oh, fork, that's good.
Extra, extra! Read all about you.
Chidi, this is the perfect hobby for you.
- Journalism.
- Well, obviously, I like to write.
But I don't love deadlines.
I prefer to take my time with things.
Yes, I know.
Uh, you never even named your dog, did you? When it ran away, you posted signs saying, "responds to long pauses.
" Look, Chidi, I'm just trying to find you a hobby the hat that will bring you a positive experience.
What do you say? I'm loving that hat on you.
It would look even better on my floor.
What is happening now? I suggested she be friendlier; she seems to have slipped right into overt sexuality.
I got something you can slip into.
- Oh - Janet, no! No, Janet.
Oh, Jianyu, darling, would you like some tea? That nod meant no, apparently.
Well, it was nice to get out and meet all of our wonderful neighbors.
They all truly belong here.
Oh, yes they do, cutie-pants.
Boop! Well, I should really be going.
I have to begin my 12 step Korean skincare regiment, but, uh, I'll see oh, no, no, no.
Please stay and enjoy the evening tea.
I'll see you soon.
Boop! "The Diary of Tahani Al-Jamil.
" Okay.
Arc welding.
You could learn sculpture, you can make furniture, you can get your hands a little greasy, you know, and you make things.
This equipment is very scary! Don't be a baby.
It can't hurt you.
Watch, I'll blowtorch your face off.
- Janet.
- Whatever.
This whole thing is stupid.
Oh, brother.
I told her to be less flirty and now she's cruel and distant, apparently.
I just can't get this right.
Thank you for trying to find me a new hobby.
Um, but I just want to be an academic.
I want to keep working on my manuscript.
Chidi, here's the thing see, I read your whole book, all 3,600 pages of it.
It's, um how shall I put this? It's a mess, dude.
- Hey! - She's right.
You see, Chidi, I can read the entirety of the world's literature in about an hour.
This took me two weeks to get through.
I mean, it's so convoluted, I just kept reading the same paragraph over and over again, trying to figure out what the heck you were saying.
Oh, no.
I mean, on page 1,000, you start section two with the sentence, "Of course, the exact opposite might be true.
" You're a brilliant guy, Chidi.
But you just kept revising and rewriting and adding words to your title.
I think you just twisted yourself up into a knot.
I have a very bad stomachache.
Hey, man.
[door closes] What's wrong? Am I a good teacher? Am I clear? Do I make sense? Yeah, you're a great teacher.
I'm super ethical now.
- What's that? - Hmm? Nah don't worry about it.
I stole Tahani's diary.
So I could see if her handwriting matches the note and also read about all the mean and terrible things she's definitely done so I can prove she's actually evil.
[fire crackling] Huh.
What do you think that means? You stole Tahani's diary.
I know I broke some ethical rule, but I had good reason.
Eleanor, in order to be a good person, you have to do good things.
And not stealing people's stuff, that is just a basic kindergarten rule.
I mean, do I also have to tell you to not throw sand? First of all, throwing sand is an excellent way to put out a vodka fire.
Why would you even know that? Second of all, I know that it may not be nice, but neither is pretending to be 100% perfect, like Tahani does.
- She wrote that note.
- No she didn't! You did! I was hoping you would come to this conclusion on your own, but, obviously, no one here would ever threaten you.
That note is the Good Place manifesting your own guilt.
Like with the plant, or when you literally made giant shrimp fly through the air.
I wrote myself the note.
And as it turns out, I do belong here.
Because I'm just as good as everyone else.
No, no, no.
No, you don't belong here.
And in this place, everyone is better than you.
It has been proven by an infallible formula.
Tahani might be a little British and condescending at times, but she devoted her entire life to helping other people.
She's a good person.
Accept that.
Hey, babe.
Great news, I got us tickets to the Coyotes game.
- Awesome! - But, ooh, yikes.
Turns out two of the players have DUIs.
Guess we can't cheer for that team.
- Eleanor, I - You know what? Instead, let's just stay in, watch a Roman Polanski movie, listen to R.
Kelly, and eat Chik-fil-A.
Does that sound good? There's bad stuff everywhere, man.
It's impossible to avoid.
Yeah, but shouldn't we just try? Shouldn't we just try to do the right thing whenever we can? Why? It's so much harder to live like that.
And it's not like someone's keeping score.
[sighs] Look, I know you're gonna break up with me, okay? I'm not an idiot.
I read your emails to your dad.
Have fun being so amazing and perfect until you die.
And by the way, I'm talking really fast because I still go to Andy's Coffee, and I got a full punch card, bro.
Good people make me insecure.
When I'm around someone who I think is better than me, I try and drag them down to my level.
That's why perfect Tahani is like my kryptonite.
Well, even admitting that is an important step.
And also, maybe don't listen to me.
I would love not to listen to you.
Wait, what? Basically, my life's work is 3,600 pages of garbage.
Even Michael couldn't understand it.
So? - What does Michael know? - Everything.
That's my point he knows everything, and it was too convoluted, even for him.
Michael does not know everything.
Michael does not know I'm not supposed to be here.
You wrote 4,000 pages on one of the most complicated subjects in the world.
I mean I used to get bored halfway through writing a text message.
Be proud.
I want to broaden my horizons and try new things, and I will.
But even though I might have gotten lost in the weeds, I loved writing this book.
And I want to try again.
So will you be my advisor? Chidi, all I want is for you to be happy.
So if spending eternity getting blunt feedback on your circular, rambling ideas will make you happy, then of course I will be your advisor.
Let's throw that monstrosity in the trash and start over.
Aren't there maybe some parts worth salvaging? Honestly, man, I don't even know.
I mean, that thing is unreadable.
I literally learned what headaches were because that thing gave me a headache.
Okay.
There you go.
New beginnings! Well done.
[crying] [gentle knocking] Oh! Oh, hello, Eleanor.
Hi.
Sorry, I was just cleaning up.
You okay? Do you want to talk about it? Desperately.
It's Jianyu.
I just can't seem to connect with him.
I know that he took a vow of silence, but he won't even talk to me, his soul mate! And I adore talking.
I know.
You do.
Eleanor, you don't know what it's like to be in paradise and feel like there's something just not quite right.
Well I may not know exactly what you're feeling, but I do understand.
And you deserve to be happy, because you are an impressive, thoughtful, and special person.
Not to mention - you have a rockin' bod.
- [chuckles] I mean, Jianyu may be mute, - but he's not blind.
- [laughs] You two belong here.
And you belong together.
And you have all of eternity, so there's plenty of time for things to change.
Oh, thank you.
I really needed to hear that.
Come here.
Ugh, of course your hugs are amazing.
[yawns] [yelps] Stupid ledge.
Ugh, stairs.
Everyone here is really into hugging.
Looks like someone learned something.
Well, it's 'cause someone else is a really good teacher.
Eleanor, hello.
How are you, my dear, sweet bestie? Never better.
What's up? Well, Janet has been acting as my assistant.
It's not what she was designed to do.
- Didn't go great.
- But now I'm back to normal.
It turns out that the best Janet was the Janet that was inside Janet all along.
She was feeling a little lost, so I gave her a self-help book to restore her confidence.
Now I'm living my truth and creating my bliss.
Anyway, um, look, Michael asked me if I would serve as his assistant, but I'd quite like to focus on my relationship with Jianyu.
So I recommended you for the job.
[giggles] Eleanor, you and I could work side-by-side to figure out what's going wrong with this neighborhood.
Will you help me? - How could I say no? - Yeah, hurrah! - Hurrah! - [giggles] What now? [sighs] Relax, Eleanor.
You sent this to yourself.
This is your own guilt manifesting itself.
I've been waiting for you.
Jianyu? You talk now? You sent me these threatening notes? What the fork, man? Some Buddhist monk you are.
You don't belong here.
Admit it.
Okay, you're right.
I don't belong here.
Michael made a mistake.
But I'm trying, dude.
I'm really trying to be a good person.
And I think I'm changing for the better, so just please, please don't rat me out.
Don't worry, I won't.
[sighs] Because I'm not supposed to be here, either.
I don't know how I got here, I have no idea what's going on, and I am freakin' out, homey! You got to help me.
I'm scared! What?
 Hang on, hang on You're not supposed to be here either? You're a mistake, just like me? Yeah, and I'm freaking out, dog.
There's so much thoughts in my brain, it's like my head is filled with rocks.
How have you managed to stay undiscovered? Because I have had to dodge and weave and barely escape with my life, and you don't seem like a super genius.
Hello, Jianyu.
I'm Michael.
Before we start, I know you were a Buddhist monk and kept a vow of silence.
Would you prefer to remain silent here as well? You literally haven't said a word since we got here? Yeah.
When I say I'm meditating, I'm just trying to figure out what the fork is happening.
I think we might be in an alien zoo or on a prank show.
No, Jianyu, we're dead.
Whoa, that's a dope prank.
Pfff.
Got to give it up.
Okay, I need to make sure that this isn't some sort of weird trap.
Is your real name Jianyu? No.
It's Jason Mendoza.
And by the way, everyone here thinks I'm Taiwanese.
I'm Filipino.
That's racist.
Heaven is so racist.
But Tahani said that you helped Michael by putting your hand on his chest and doing some sort of healing magic.
Yeah.
A nurse did that to calm me down once when I crashed my Jet Ski into a manatee.
You crashed your Jet Ski into a manatee? Yeah.
I'm from Jacksonville, Florida.
It happens a lot.
What did you do for a living? I was an amateur DJ specializing in EDM.
Electronic dance music.
I was also an amateur hip-hop backup dancer, an amateur body spray inventor um, I did pranks on Vine.
None of those are jobs.
What did you do to make money? Oh, I sold fake drugs to college kids.
Okay, good.
Okay, here's my biggest question: how did you know that I didn't belong here? I figured it out the very first night, at the party, using my powers of deduction.
I heard you don't talk.
Well, here's something for you to not talk about.
I don't belong here.
[laughs] They made a mistake.
Total phony.
So, shh! Okay, later, man.
Okay.
I vaguely remember that.
I believe you, Jason.
You're not supposed to be here.
Welcome to the bottom of the barrel.
Hello, Tahani.
Oh, hello, Michael.
I was just picking out some fresh orchids for my nightly orchid bath.
So, Tahani, one of your fellow residents is opening a new restaurant tonight.
This neighborhood could use a real morale boost.
And since you're an expert at event planning, I was hoping that you would help with the grand opening.
Oh, Michael, say no more.
I wasn't going to.
I was done.
Well, good, because of course I will.
Janet? - Hey, there.
- Oh, hello, darling.
I would like to model tonight's event on my most successful gala.
That would be 2006 fundraiser for stem cell research in Barcelona.
"Barthelona," actually.
Oh, it was a perfect evening.
Princess Stephanie was there, as were Posh and Becks.
You know, "International Sophisticate Magazine" gave us five Gwyneths.
[giggles] Tonight, I'm going to select my jauntiest suit, and I may even wear suspenders.
It's one of the human clothing items I'm most eager to try.
Oh, well, good luck.
Thank you.
Yes, yes.
I'm excited.
And a little nervous.
I'd say that I'm cautiously optimistic.
[laughing] I hope I don't chicken out at the last second.
Sorry we are talking about suspenders, right? Like these? You can do that with oh! [laughs] I cannot wait.
Excellent.
So, Tahani has no idea about me? No.
She thinks I'm a monk, and she thinks you're her best friend.
Great.
I mean, for us.
It's a huge bummer for her.
We need someplace that we can talk in private.
I agree.
Let me show you my bud-hole.
What? I should warn you: it's a little messy.
This is my bud-hole.
It's just, like, a hole where me and my buds can hang out.
Oh, bud-hole! Okay, now I get it.
I wrote down on a piece of paper that I needed a private meditation area.
Tahani will never come in.
Pretty unique decorating style you have here, Jianyu.
It's like, "12-year-old boy" meets "13-year-old boy.
" Thanks.
Janet helped me get all this stuff.
She rules.
Is she single, or is she married to Michael? No, no, dude, you cannot date Janet.
A: she's not human.
And B: you have to keep pretending to be Tahani's soul mate.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cool.
Okay, just sit tight, dude.
I have a class to get to.
Wha a class? I didn't know there were classes.
Chidi is trying to teach me to be a good person.
And it's really hard.
Also, Michael has asked me to be his assistant, whatever that means.
My whole situation here is getting more and more dicey, so I'm actually really glad to have a place I can come when I just want to be myself.
Yeah.
I miss being myself.
Myself was the best.
[crowd shouting] [EDM music playing] Whoo! Whoo! What's up, man? You're Jason? You got two minutes.
Fred Durst is throwing an orgy on a partially capsized yacht.
My dad just texted.
It already started.
So I'll get right to the point.
I listened to your demo.
You're terrible.
- Really? - Yeah.
Okay? You just don't have any what's the word? Talent.
But don't worry.
You got something better than talent, man.
You got my approximate size and weight.
I'm supposed to play this club for the rest of the week, but I just got an offer to DJ Scott Disick's after party for the Amateur Porn Awards in Reno.
Whoa! Congrats, bro.
That's the dream.
It's your dream, man.
It's my Tuesday.
I just need somebody to fill in.
Put on the helmet.
Press spacebar on the computer.
Those idiots won't know the difference.
For the next week, Jason, you are Acidcat.
Whoa, there's a lot of old gum in here.
Tahani, how are things going in the front of the house? Because, to be perfectly frank, things in the kitchen are going great, okay? I am right on schedule.
Chef Patricia, I have triple-checked every single detail.
Your restaurant opening is going to be the talk of the entire neighborhood.
Thank you for your thoughtfulness and hard work.
I could not have done this without you.
Ah, hello, Tahani.
Sorry.
I should've warned you.
Patricia is actually very happy, but she's also very intense.
It can be confusing.
No, no, no, that's not what's bothering me.
It's just that, well, I looked at the guest list earlier, and Jianyu isn't invited.
Right.
Jianyu is a beautiful spirit, but he literally doesn't talk, and since this will be an evening of lively conversation, and you'll be busy working, I didn't want him to feel uncomfortable.
I totally understand.
Well reasoned, Michael.
As us Brits are fond of saying, "try your best to hide your sadness.
" So, the concept of the self is a key subject for a lot of great thinkers.
In the "Tao Te Ching," Lao Tzu wrote, "Knowing others is wisdom, but knowing the self is enlightenment.
" Ahh, "knowing" yourself.
Is he talking about what I think he's talking about? No, Eleanor.
Once again, none of these philosophers is ever talking about masturbation.
Let's move on to this week's main event, David Hume's "A Treatise of Human Nature.
" - You read this, right? - I did.
Well, I tried to.
Well, I tried to want to.
Um, actually, could we postpone this lesson? I've befriended Jianyu from next door, and I thought I could learn from him.
That's a great idea.
Hume's "bundle theory" of the self is fairly close to Buddhism.
Yeah.
No durr.
That's why I'm doing it.
[distant music thumping] Do you hear music? That's not music.
That's EDM.
What are you doing? Eleanor, you were right.
No more pretending.
It's time for me to be myself.
What's up, homie? Eleanor? You broke Jianyu.
Okay, did we miss anything? Ugh, take that jersey off, you goofball.
Okay.
This is not my fault.
I swear.
Eleanor, one hour ago, that man was a silent Buddhist monk.
Right.
But here's the thing: Jianyu is actually a guy who is nice.
Hi, Tahani.
Eleanor, Chidi, What a lovely surprise.
Don't mind me.
I'm just dropping off my afternoon gloves, and picking up my early evening gloves.
How are you, soul mate? I'm cool.
I'm sorry.
[laughs] Am I going mad, or did I just hear you say, "I'm cool"? Mmm, mm-mm.
I don't think so.
I don't think that happened.
You're you're wrong.
I see what's going on here.
You've got a whisper in your snickerbox.
You're both helping Jianyu to regain his confidence to be able to speak again as a surprise for me! Oh, busted.
My heart is soaring.
So, Jianyu is talking? Oh, how wonderful! I will do everything in my power to encourage him.
Well, not everything.
I won't give him a second mouth.
Unless that would be helpful.
No.
Better not risk it.
I've actually had a better idea.
- Oh.
- Let's add Jianyu to the guest list.
Chidi and Eleanor have been working with him, - and they're going to be here.
- What a great idea.
Patricia! We can fit another chair, right? Change the floor plan an hour before opening? Of course! The more the merrier! Hurrah! I knew tonight was going to be perfect, but now it's going to be even perfect-er.
Obviously, it's impossible for something to be more perfect than perfect Well, it isn't, actually.
Any place or thing in the universe can be up to 104% perfect.
That's how you got Beyonc.
Oh! Oh, bud-hole.
Okay.
Now, tell me everything.
Okay, Jianyu is a fraud, just like me.
His real name is Jason.
He's a drug-dealing DJ from Florida.
It's gonna be fine.
We just need a plan.
Oh, I got a plan.
We hack into Michael's phone, download all his nudes, and then blackmail him.
No.
What are you t no.
Yo, you should listen to me.
I came up with hundreds of plans in my life, and only one of them got me killed.
Dude, be quiet.
You are not Jason.
You are a monk named Jianyu.
Got it? [sighs] - [crowd cheering] - [music stops] Hoo hoo hoo! Oh, another great set, Jason.
They love you, dude.
They don't love me, man.
They love Acidcat.
These cheers are fake.
They hit my ears like boxing gloves of sadness.
Whoa, that's some poetic thoughts, B.
I got to be myself.
[crowd cheering] Attention, Jacksonville.
I'm not Acidcat.
I'm Mr.
Music, the DJ.
And this is a Mr.
Music, the DJ original.
Pow! [dance music plays] Whoo! [crowd booing] Aah! [glass clinking] Welcome to the opening of The Good Plates.
[laughs] I just got that.
[laughter] That's hilarious! Anyway, at some point or another, every resident in this neighborhood will fulfill his or her soul's true purpose.
Chef Patricia has done that tonight by opening this restaurant.
Now if you'd all like to take a look at tonight's menus That's right.
With Michael's help, Chef Patricia has recreated each person's favorite meal on Earth.
Fun! [laughing] [chatter] It's my Grandmother's maafe.
Fresh perch, slow-roasted in a peanut sauce.
Almost makes me forget how miserable I am right now.
You want to try a bite? Fish and peanut butter? No, I'm good.
Thanks.
Tofu? Oh, man.
I'ma order some jalapeo poppers.
Shh.
Be quiet and eat your white sponge.
Janet? - Hi, there.
- Hi.
I didn't get a meal.
According to our files, your favorite meal was the hunger strike you went on to protest Bolivian sex trafficking.
Oh, right.
Of course I did that.
Tahani, great party.
Check it out.
Suspenders! [laughing] So dumb.
So much dumber than belts.
[laughing] Oh, congratulations, Michael.
How's Jianyu doing? Is he opening up? Mm, not yet.
But I can tell he wants to.
Don't worry.
I've got a plan.
May I have your attention, please? Later this evening, we will be enjoying Chef Patricia's delicious dessert, a stunning three-tiered cake that took her a full week to complete.
But first, I'd like to try something fun.
Each one of you has a very special memory attached to the meal you're eating.
Why don't we go around the room and share our stories? Who'd like to begin? I'll start, Michael.
[clears throat] One day, I wasn't feeling so great, so I made myself a bowl of this chicken soup When it gets to you, say something short and boring about tofu.
No.
I'm sick of pretending to be Jianyu, the tofu man.
I'm gonna tell the story about my real favorite meal.
- Which is? - The Buffalo wings at Stupid Nick's Wing Dump in Gainesville.
Wings were free for ladies if they took their top off.
Oh, boy.
- Chidi, a word? - Yeah.
Anyway, that's how this simple soup saved over 10,000 lives.
If Jianyu starts talking about topless Buffalo wing restaurants, we're all screwed.
Jianyu Li, a Taiwanese monk who took a vow of silence at the age of eight and hasn't spoken since, is ready to share with us.
Let me tell you about Stupid Nick.
We need a distraction right the fork now.
No, no, no, no, no.
Eleanor, Chef Patricia poured her heart and soul into this.
Destroying it would be a truly cruel act.
Yeah, no durr.
No, no, no oh! [all screaming] Sinkhole! Everyone out! There's a sinkhole! [all screaming] Aah! Glenn! You broke the world.
That's not a compliment.
Glenn, stay calm.
We're gonna get you out of there.
And we'll put your soup in the fridge so it won't go to waste.
I know that may not be your number one concern right now, but It was up there.
It's real good soup.
Let's go.
Hey, buddy.
You okay? No.
I was just about to tell an awesome story about a wing eating contest that I lost and a barfing contest that I won, but then a hole opened up in the ground.
I know.
I made the hole to save you from yourself.
You cannot let people know who you really are.
It would be very, very bad.
Beautiful, beautiful Jacksonville.
What's wrong, dog? You look like you're freaking out.
Things are bad, Pillboi.
Acidcat is suing me for "bleach of contract.
" I should have never pretended to be someone else.
It could cost me all my dreams in life.
You got dreams in life? That's lit.
Of course I have dreams, man.
I don't want to be a DJ in Jacksonville forever.
I want to DJ in Daytona, Tallahassee, Tampa, even.
I want it all.
That's big goals, man.
I know, but I believe in myself.
Someday, the world will see what I already know: that Jason Mendoza is a beautiful, unique soul who has so much to give this world.
Okay, that's Acidcat's speedboat.
Hand me the thing that blows it up.
[Pillboi yells indistinctly] [boom] Michael, I hereby tender my resignation.
I can no longer in good conscience coordinate any further events in The Good Place.
So, I am turning in my evening gloves.
- Tahani - Don't try to make me feel better.
The launch was a disaster.
Poor Jianyu was so terrified that I fear he may never speak again.
My hair is barely cascading down my shoulders.
Tahani, please.
I know your journey with Jianyu has been frustrating, but your situation is actually very typical.
Soul mates sometimes take months to really click.
You have to be patient.
And if anyone should take the blame for the restaurant disaster, it's me.
I thought this neighborhood's troubles were behind us.
Now I fear the worst.
Michael, I hereby rescind the tendering of my resignation.
We must keep the neighborhood together.
- What can I do? - Oh, well, the sinkhole should be repairing itself in about three days.
Well, as soon as it does, we shall re-launch the restaurant.
I'll hang posters to get the word out, and in the meantime, I'll host a brunch party every morning to lift people's spirits.
- Ah! - While you repair the universe, I shall prepare the eggs.
Oh, fanciful wordplay.
Indeed.
That is the Tahani that you know and love.
- So what do we do here? - There's nothing to do.
He's just gonna blab and get him and me both sent to The Bad Place.
It's hopeless.
I can't believe I'm doing this, but, Jason, please come to my classroom.
I will teach you ethics, like I'm doing with Eleanor.
And if you work hard and absorb the material, you just might be able to earn your place here.
[light, suspenseful music] No, I'm good.
[game gunfire continue] Dude, Chidi is giving you a lifeline right now, and you need to take it because you suck.
- You suck! - I know! That's what I'm trying to tell you.
We both suck.
You know who doesn't suck? Chidi.
He is putting himself in danger to help us, because he, unlike us, is an amazing person.
I didn't get into heaven to go to school.
You didn't get into heaven at all, shirt-for-brains.
I just want to be myself.
That's a very, very bad idea.
Do not be yourself.
You need to be a better version of yourself, okay? And I do too.
And our only hope right now is this kind, selfless, amazing nerd.
Think about that.
Do you have to call me a nerd so much? I said a lot of other nice things, okay? Toughen up, nerd.
Let's get crackin', Teach.
I read this entire David Hume book, and then I read it again because I didn't understand it the first time, and now I'm ready to go.
Wow, that's really impressive.
Where's Jianyu? Honestly, I don't even know if he's coming.
I am here to learn about ethnics.
Wow, that's great, man.
I mean, it's "ethics," but that's great.
Pretty sure it's "ethnics.
" Hey, buddy, I'm proud of you.
This is your first step towards not sucking.
Cool.
I just have two questions: when are football tryouts? And does this school have a prom? Oh, no.
Oh, wow.
For the first time ever, I'm the smartest kid in class.
[rumbling] [suspenseful music] [rumbling] [rocks clattering] [wood creaking] [gasps] [ominous music]
1 Good afternoon, Eleanor.
What can I get you today? Whoa.
Lot of new flavors.
Michael felt bad about the sinkhole, so he wanted to give you all a little treat.
I recommend "Full Cell Phone Battery.
" Whoa.
It somehow tastes how I felt when my cell phone was fully charged.
Oh, I'm so relaxed.
But they all look good.
This might take me a while.
You know what, Gunnar, uh, why don't you go ahead? - Thanks so much, Eleanor.
- Mm-hmm.
- What can I get you, Gunnar? - Hi, Janet.
- Can I have some Folded Laundry? - Coming up.
[indistinct chatter] [upbeat music] Chidi! You'll never believe it.
I was at the frozen yogurt place and I didn't know what I wanted, so I turned to the guy behind me, and I was like, "Why don't you go ahead?" [gasps] Just like that! "Why don't you go ahead?" O-okay? Dude, you don't understand! I never did stuff like that when I was on Earth.
But now, thanks to your "good person" lessons, I didn't hold up the line.
I didn't even try a dozen samples I didn't want just to spite some jerk who told me I was holding up the line.
You do that? No, Chidi, I used to do that.
Now I do selfless things without even thinking about it.
That's great.
I-I'm proud of you.
So where's our yogurt? Ugh.
I forgot it.
Oh Can you go? I don't want to go all the way back.
I ran all the way here and it was so hot.
I mean, I will happily get it, because I told you I would.
Good person.
So, to sum up: Utilitarianism posits that the correct choice is the one that causes the most good or pleasure, and the least pain and suffering.
I like this one.
It's simple.
Ugh, screw all the other complicated theories, why didn't you start with this one? Ah, but here's the problem.
If all that matters is the sum total of "goodness," then you can justify any number of bad actions, like torturing one innocent person to save a hundred, or preemptive war Oh, dip, I get it.
It's like, I knew this girl Sheila? She was a black market alligator dealer with a pierced jawbone.
Um, okay, what? Sheila was gonna get married to my boy, Donkey Doug and make him move to Sarasota.
It would've broken up my whole break dancing crew and Donkey Doug was our best pop-and-locker.
So I hid a bunch of stolen boogie boards in Sheila's garage and called the cops.
I framed one innocent gator dealer to save a 60-person dance crew.
Shockingly, that is a relevant example of the Utilitarian dilemma.
- Well done.
- Thanks! Um - Uh, yes, Jianyu? - Can I be excused? Tahani's doing a brunch party and I want to get there before all the mini-waffles run out.
- Go ahead, man.
- Yes! So, you want to roll right into another lesson? I am revved up to learn, man.
My brain is horny! Um, can we take a little break? I've been standing at this chalkboard all day.
Oh, yeah, I get it.
Oh, you could, um, grade my paper I wrote on the concept of Dharma.
Six pages, and I didn't even do that thing where I try to make it longer by starting every sentence with "Interestingly" Sure, I'll do that and, uh we can start another lesson.
Ah, Tahani.
I've been working on my Western Hemisphere brunch banter.
Tell me what you think.
That "New Yorker" article was crazy.
You haven't seen "Hamilton"? Hey, did you hear about Stephanie? - Very well done, Michael.
- Hi, there! We have a Category 55 Emergency Doomsday Crisis.
A Category 55 Emergency Doomsday Crisis? - Mm-hmm.
- Sorry, what is a Category 55 Emergency Doomsday Crisis? It's nothing, it's a tiny little inconvenience.
Tahani, dear, could you show us to a private room where no one can see or hear us, even if I yell very loudly out of fear? [device chimes] [gasps] It appears that the sinkhole is not repairing itself.
This is very bad, Janet.
We have to go into the sinkhole and fix it by hand.
Get the tools.
Sorry, can I be of any service? - Ah, Tahani.
- Didn't see you there.
Uh, no, no.
We're just having a slight problem with the enormous sinkhole.
Yes, I meant to tell you I walked past it last night and I I actually saw it get a little bit bigger.
[screams] It got bigger? Ah, well, that's that's so normal.
Um, this is the reaction I have when things are incredibly mundane and expected.
I'm gonna leave now at my regular pace, as I do in most scenarios.
Finally! Let's get back to it.
Whip out that chalkboard, big boy, show me what you're working with.
Actually, I was going to head into town and pick up some blankets.
Great, I'll grab my sweater.
I can practice letting people cut in front of me.
You know, uh, I just realized that I have blankets, so I'm going to take a nap using the several blankets that I already have.
Good night.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
What's wrong? Out with it.
I'm just tired, need a break.
No big deal.
The way you're talking to me right now? "Everything's cool, no big deal" I know that move.
When I told a boyfriend something was "no big deal," it meant anything from "I just bought weed from your nephew," to "I secretly befriended your ex-girlfriend last year, things got out of hand, and now I'm her bridesmaid.
" Wow.
Okay, well, in this case, it really is no big deal.
Dude, you're hiding something! - What's wrong? - Nothing! What is wrong? [device chimes] Jianyu second.
Oh, well done, my love.
So where am I? Eleanor 6th? Come on.
Oh, no.
I'm second to last.
Mummy, I made you this.
It's the pretty bird we saw in the garden.
Thank you, Tahani.
It's very competent.
I made a bird, as well.
I worked in a reflective alloy, holding up a mirror to mankind and its mistreatment of these defenseless animals.
Excellent, Kamilah.
I sense the influence of Brancusi and Kapoor.
It seems you're moving out of your structural period, and more into conceptual abstraction.
Good eye, Mother.
I grew tired of objective representation.
I trust my audience.
My birdie has a hat.
Yes, well done, Tahani.
- What's wrong? - Nothing's wrong.
- What's wrong? - Nothing's wrong.
- What's wrong? - Nothing's wrong.
- Would you stop doing that? - What's wrong? - Okay, fine! - What's wrong? You want to know what's wrong? You are a full-time job.
I wake up, there's Eleanor.
I spend all day teaching Eleanor.
And then it's, "Good night, Eleanor.
" Oh, this is a nice dream, my grandma's here.
Wait, she's got Eleanor's face! And tentacles for some reason.
I thought you liked teaching me.
So now I'm just some huge burden for you? Yes! Of course you are! I am in paradise! I should be doing paradise things, like rowing out on a lake with a good bottle of wine, reading French poetry.
That's your idea of paradise? You know, and I can't stop helping you, because then I am shirking my ethical duty.
It's an impossible position! You know what, if you're so stressed from writing on a chalkboard, why don't you just leave? We can pretend to be soul mates in public, but other than that, we don't have to see each other! Fine with me! I'll move out right now.
Fine! [alarm blares] Good afternoon.
As you all may remember, a sinkhole recently opened up in the town center.
The situation, sadly, has worsened.
Starting right now, no one may go outside under any circumstances.
Leaving your homes could result in catastrophic damage, to you and to the very fabric of the universe.
Okay, bye.
Or we could both just stay here.
We hope you enjoy your eternal stay in the Good Place.
Take advantage of our day spa, or Janet a magical assistant who can get you whatever you want.
You mind turning that off? It's been playing on a loop for two days.
The whole Neighborhood is offline.
We only get the welcome channel.
I would love to not watch TV, but you canceled school.
[gasps] What have you done to me, you monster? Look at all these dishes piling up.
I used to just throw them in the sink, and they'd be magically cleaned by morning.
I did that.
I cleaned the dishes.
Oh.
Then what's up with these bad boys? You are unbelievable.
Are you still upset? - You're not over it yet? - How can I be over it? We haven't discussed it or even spoken for days.
Well, it sounds like you've had a really nice "vacation" from your "full-time job.
" Get your story straight, bro! [knocking] Hey, guys, it's Michael.
Hi, Michael, what a lovely surprise.
Oh, I'd love to make small talk I've been practicing, too.
I'm amazing at it but I'm in a bit of a rush here.
This is Bart and Nina.
They live right next door to the, uh, sinkhole, so they obviously need a place to stay.
I was wondering, as my assistant, maybe you could put them up for a while? Oh, of course.
Don't don't think twice.
Okay, shouldn't take long.
Between an hour and, um 11 months.
Somewhere in there.
Okay, bye.
Don't go outside.
[door closes] Ha [chuckles] Hello, everyone, and welcome to day three of our brunch siege.
I stayed up all night to plan a full day of fun activities.
Just check the schedule I made.
Tahani, you are truly the best.
Yes, you would think so, wouldn't you, Henriette? [device chimes] Still second to last.
[sighs] [indistinct chatter] Tahani! This auction threatens to be an embarrassing failure.
5.
2 million isn't bad.
It's very "middle-thermometer.
" Your public failure is our public failure.
You know what has to be done.
I'm very pleased to announce that there has been an addition to today's docket.
I'm sure you all know my sister, Kamilah.
[cheers and applause] Yes.
Kamilah.
Kamilah, of course, is the youngest person ever to graduate from Oxford University, she's a world-class painter, social activist, iconoclast, Olympic gold medalist for archery, a BAFTA Award-winner for her documentary on her Grammy Award-winning album, and the person voted "Most Likely to be Banksy.
" So without further ado, take it away from me! Sorry, I mean take it away, Kamilah.
[applause] I am auctioning off a lunch date with me.
[crowd exclaims] The bidding shall commence at 3 million.
[excited murmuring] 5 million! [crowd exclaims] Thank you guys so much.
- Sorry for the imposition.
- Oh, bah.
Oh, well, if you want to know the truth, we asked Michael if we could stay with you.
We are obsessed with your relationship.
Always whispering, locking yourself in the house all day.
I thought I was an expert in true love 'cause of my old job, but I have a lot to learn from you guys.
Your job? What was your job? I was a marriage counselor.
You could say I wrote the book on healthy relationships.
And I did! [both laughing] It's called, "How to Spot Problems in a Marriage From 100 Miles Away.
" both: Oh, cool.
- Really cool.
- Cool.
- Really, really cool.
- Cool, cool.
And what about you, Bart? Oh, well, my job wasn't nearly as interesting.
I started a company that investigated identity theft.
Analyzing body language, tracking and catching people pretending to be someone they're not.
It's pssh, snooze, am I right? [both chuckling] They're gonna catch us! This is an extremely precarious situation! I am vexed, Eleanor! A marriage counselor and a human lie detector isn't my first choice for company, either.
But they have no reason to suspect us! Plus, I think they may have actually just come here to, you know, swing.
I say we do it.
It'll get 'em to stop asking questions.
No, I am not going to have sex with someone to get them to stop talking to me! Really? You and I are very different.
Yeah, I noticed! You know what, man? I have spent every second in this place worried I was gonna get caught, but if we go down right now, that's on you, okay? Oh, you spend all your time teaching a charming, awesome lady? How sad for you.
Face it, dude.
I'm the best thing that ever happened to you.
Because guess what, Chidi? - Ya basic! - Eleanor Yeah, I know, you want to do that thing where we're arguing and fighting, but then suddenly it's like, "Whoa, this is hot," and we start making out.
Dream on! Or, whatever, fine, let's just do it.
No, Eleanor, look.
So how much of that did you hear? We couldn't hear you, but I'm an expert in non-verbal communication, and it is clear you are in conflict.
We're not judging you.
This has been a tough couple of weeks.
I'm sure the stress of the sinkhole has caused lots of soul mate squabbles.
Yes, that's what it is.
A squabble.
- We're squabbling.
- Squabble, squabble! I can help.
I'm gonna take your relationship and put it under a microscope and dig and poke and prod until you are back to soul mate harmony.
Eleanor, why don't you She never does the dishes.
I have to do them all the time.
We just have different interests.
I like relaxing, he likes getting on my case about the dishes.
I'm getting a lot of repressed anger.
I suspected this when I arrived, but now I'm sure.
- You are hiding something.
- What on earth would I be No, no, no, not you.
Him.
Please go back inside.
It isn't safe to be out of your home.
Please go back inside.
Janet, could you see what's wrong? Everything.
Ugh.
My goodness! It's even worse than I thought.
Tahani, what're you doing here? Well, everyone else might be okay staying inside, but I wanted to help.
So I've brought some cheer and sustenance to raise your spirits.
Look, I made donut holes.
Do you get it? "Donut holes"? Sinkhole.
- Funny, no? - No, too soon.
By exactly nine days.
Tahani, this sinkhole is incredibly dangerous.
If a human gets too close to it, there could be disastrous side effects.
[shimmering tones] What's what's happening to me? Oh, that's one of the side effects.
Janet, knock her out while we still have time.
Knock me out? What does that Boop.
Guys, really, it's no big deal.
"It's not a big deal" is nearly always code for "something is wrong.
" Boom! That's what I said.
I should've been a marriage counselor.
Okay, Chidi, out with it.
What is so unsatisfying about your soul mate relationship? Be honest, Chidi.
Be, like, the exact right amount of honest so that we can both be happy.
I never had a soul mate on earth.
I-I never even really had a girlfriend that I "loved.
" And when I got here, and Michael said I would finally meet my actual soul mate, I was so excited.
And it isn't exactly what I thought.
You've never had an intense relationship before.
This is all uncharted territory.
No wonder you're so tense.
You know, Nina and I are skilled in the art of massage.
Uh, not erotic massage.
Although, it can be, and it often leads there, anyway Okay, well, you know what? You guys have given us so much to think about.
And I think we should go to bed.
Just the two of us, alone.
Just us.
[whispers] I know it's not the right time, but I told you.
Tahani, wake up, dear.
Michael.
Did it work? Did I fix the sinkhole? Am I a heroine? No, you did something catastrophically stupid and we had to knock you unconscious.
Why in the world did you go outside? Because I saw the rankings in the manual.
That manual is only meant to be seen by Architects and Janets.
It's got some very sensitive material.
Plus some song lyrics I've been working on, and I'd rather not let people see those until they're finished.
Anyway, why did seeing the rankings unravel you so? I was so sorry to hear of your parents' passing.
Please bear with me as I share their last will and testament.
"To Kamilah, we have left 68 million, "the home in Kensington, the yacht, and other assorted weekend boats.
" Well, what did they leave their second favorite child? There's still quite a lot of money and property that goes to you.
There is one issue, however.
They have, um, spelled your name incorrectly in the will.
You've got to be kidding me.
It says, "We bequeath the rest of our estate to Tahini.
" Like the sauce.
You know what? I don't want the money.
My sister can have it all.
My whole life, I have lived in your shadow, but now I'm going to step out of it.
I am going to reach heights of success and sophistication that you can only dream of.
Your cardigan's on inside out.
I know! It's a new trend that I am starting.
Just one example of how I'm going to step out of your shadow.
[sighs] Oh, I'm sorry that I looked at the rankings, Michael.
But I just don't understand how I'm so low.
My entire life, I have tried to be extraordinary, but it just never seemed to be enough.
Ah.
And you thought you could increase your ranking by helping us fix the sinkhole.
Tahani, the point evaluations stop the moment you die.
But also, out of literally billions, you were one of the most remarkable people on Earth.
You have nothing left to prove, to anyone.
- [chiming] - Hi, there.
The sinkhole has begun to repair itself.
- [gasps] - It has? - Could it be - But how Did I? - "Tahani saves the un" - No, no, no.
Still not you.
You have nothing to do with it.
We've got to leave immediately.
It's now safe to go outside.
It's now safe to go outside.
It's now safe to go outside.
- Morning, teach! - Morning.
What's this about? Well, here's what I realized.
It's not just that helping me is a full-time job that you feel you have to do.
The real problem is, that the more you help me, the greater the chance is that I can stay here, and me staying here means you'll never get a real soul mate.
- I'm basically a Utilitarian nightmare.
- [laughs] Every ounce of my happiness leads to a ton of pain for you.
So every time the simple fact of my existence starts to bum you out, I want you to hold this up.
[laughs] At which point, I will leave you alone for as long as you need.
I know we'll never be soul mates, but we're friends.
Now get in this boat and read some boring French poetry.
I I've never actually done this before.
This is a theoretical fantasy.
How do you row a boat? I'll tell ya, it's good as new.
Go ahead, if you want, just here.
Whoo! See? You can jump up and down on it.
Hey, boss.
So you fixed the sinkhole.
Yup, good as new.
Crisis averted.
Everybody have a wonderful day, because I fixed the sinkhole.
- I didn't fix the sinkhole.
- Sorry? I tried and I tried, but nothing worked.
And then all of a sudden this morning, out of the blue, it just whoop! It just closed over.
Huh.
How 'bout that? Well, as your assistant, I officially declare this good news.
No, this is terrible news! I have no idea what caused it, Eleanor.
And no idea what fixed it.
I want you to come to my office first thing in the morning.
You and I are gonna find this problem.
1 [upbeat music] - What are you doing? - [gasps] Dude, I'm freaked out about my meeting with Michael, and if I spend one more second staring at Creepo the Clown, I'm gonna lose it.
You named the clowns? Psycho, Creepo, Crazy Head, Stupid Juggling Weirdo, Freaky Feet, and Nightmare George Washington.
One of them has to go.
Oh, sexy mailman.
Much better.
In five minutes, Michael wants my help investigating what's making the neighborhood go nuts, which is obviously me.
I mean, I did promise I would help.
What do I do here? Actually, the answer is Right here in this easily understandable comic strip.
Nope, in this book about the theory of contractualism.
"What We Owe to Each Other.
" [gasps] I saw this movie.
Laura Linney cries in a lake house because Jude Law left her for his ex-wife's ghost.
No.
Quick summary of contractualism.
Uh, imagine a group of reasonable people are coming up with the rules for a new society.
Like if your Uber driver talks to you, the ride should be free? Sure, but anyone can veto any rule that they think is unfair.
So if you said, "We should be able to break our promises without any repercussions," someone would veto that rule.
Well, my first rule would be that no one can veto my rules.
Well, that's called tyranny.
And it's generally frowned upon.
If you make a promise to someone, you should do it.
Just like I promised to help you and still am, despite your constant mockery.
[mockingly] "Despite your constant mockery.
" Whatever, you love it.
So either I help him find the problem, which is me, and I'm doomed, or I don't help him, and then I'm behaving unethically and the whole world goes crazy and I'm caught anyway.
I need to figure out a way both help him and not help him at the same time.
That's literally not possible.
Oh, really? I once posed as a hot prom date for my cousin, both helping him and later, according to his therapist, not helping him.
[mumbling indistinctly] [knocking] Oh, hey, Eleanor, thanks for coming in.
Sorry about the mess.
[clears throat] Oh, I forgot, you don't see in nine dimensions.
There's just a lot of there's a lot of tension in the air right now.
Are you okay, buddy? - You seem kind of stressed.
- No, no, no, I'm fine.
Top of my game, actually.
Uh, here, let me just, uh Have a seat.
There you go.
So to prepare to meet all of you, I studied the human concept of friends.
I even watched all ten seasons of the show "Friends.
" Boy, those friends really were "friends," weren't they? Although and I realize this is the kind of observation that would only occur to the mind of an eternal being How did they afford that apartment? A waitress and a chef with those Manhattan real estate prices.
Yeah, we were all confused about that too.
Anyway, it's been a tough couple of days.
Right now, I could really use a friend by my side.
Well, you know me.
The person who has audibly promised to help you.
So you need to me house-sit the whole week? Sounds like somebody's gonna have a sweet vay-cay.
As I told you before, my mom is very sick.
I'm gonna help her move into assisted living.
Well, I'm here for you.
And your Wi-Fi is way better than my neighbor's, so I'm in.
It's gonna mean taking care of Lester too.
Walk and feed him twice a day.
Give him his kidney medicine.
Yup, got it feed his kidneys.
- Eleanor? - Yeah? This is gonna be a very stressful week for me.
I need to know that I can count on you.
I won't let you down.
I promise.
[sighs] Jianyu, my love.
How are you? - I am decidedly so.
- That's very profound.
Um, soul mate an idea.
Our neighborhood now features a spa, and it offers couples packages.
And I thought maybe we could get facials and do yoga and talk in long, discursive sentences.
What do you say? - Signs point to yes.
- Oh! Marvelous.
We'll go today.
Dude, you got to come with us to the spa.
No way.
No, that's really weird.
You can't make small talk with her for one day without being caught? No, I can't, and she freaks me out.
She's so pretty, like Nala from "The Lion King.
" And she talks so smart, like, um Nala from "The Lion King.
" You got to help me.
Well, if I feel sympathy for anyone, it's Tahani.
She's going through the same thing I am, but she doesn't know it.
Which means maybe I'm obligated to tell her.
Although maybe it's better not to know.
Is ignorance bliss, or will the painful truth actually be healing You ready, Jianyu? Oh, I cannot wait to just relax and talk and chat and just, you know get to know each other.
Hey! Maybe I'll come too.
Oh.
Well, Chidi it's just that this is, um this is really more of a couples thing.
I know.
But Eleanor's off with Michael, and Jianyu feels comfortable when I'm around.
Right? - Made in Taiwan.
- Yes, you were.
You were made in Taiwan.
So couples date! Let's go! I never really looked around your office the first day.
What is all this junk? Well, technically, architects aren't allowed to own any human objects, but oh, I just love them so much.
And over here, look at this.
Aren't paper clips the most amazing things in the world? Yeah.
Sure.
Anyway, my current theory is that some object in the neighborhood is a design flaw which is causing everything to go haywire.
So we need to find that object.
We're gonna start with the rocks.
Now, I've investigated all of the rocks in the neighborhood.
These 78 are the most suspicious.
Maybe to an architect, they might look suspicious, but to me, they just look like rocks, so I'm not sure how I can help.
Do any of them look defective? Sinister? You know, like they're taunting you? Always one step ahead? You devious little monsters, you.
Okay, let's take a deep breath here, buddy.
You need to chill a little.
'Cause you have a very psycho, "burnout guy muttering to himself at a library computer" type vibe.
It's my responsibility to solve the problem.
What else can I do except keep working? You could stop working.
Look, I promised to help you, and honestly, the way I can help you is to force you to take a break.
And not working will help me work? Yes! Recharge the old batteries.
I promise this is gonna help both of us.
Let's go.
Okay.
Let's keep our eyes peeled for twigs that may have a nefarious agenda.
- Okay, crazy, come on.
- Yeah.
Hello, Janet.
Jianyu and I are here for the couples package, please.
And also I will be joining them.
Great, and who is the other half of your couple? Oh, no, no, it's just me.
Couples are pairs of people.
Yup, and, uh, there is a pair of people, Tahani and Jianyu.
And then also I am here.
Great, and who will be joining you? No one.
Um, it's really quite simple, Janet.
They are a couple, and I am a third part of that couple.
Uh, a helper part who is here for fun and excitement.
It's a three-person couple.
[robotically] Does not compute.
Does not compute.
I'm just kidding.
[laughs] I mean, it doesn't compute, but I'm not gonna explode or anything.
Right.
Well, I'll see you inside, darling.
Okay, you have to step up.
Find a way to connect with her without, you know, being you.
What does that even mean? Do I talk or not talk? Do I be nice to Tahani, or do I throw all her jewelry in the toilet? That's the opposite of being nice? So no toilet? What is it with you and frozen yogurt? Have you not heard of ice cream? Oh, sure, but I've come to really like frozen yogurt.
There's something so human about taking something great and ruining it a little so you can have more of it.
[chuckles] That is very human.
Why do you need a human to be your assistant? I mean, aren't there more of whatever you are? Well, since we're becoming friends, like Ross and Phoebe Weird combo to pick, but okay.
I'm gonna tell you a secret.
Usually, architects don't live in their neighborhoods.
Usually, the people show up, we play the movie, Janet is there to answer questions, and you're on your own.
But I had this theory.
I thought transition would be easier if the architect were on-site for at least the first 1,000 years or so.
That's why you've been so freaked out.
'Cause your butt is on the line.
My boss thought I was nuts.
And if this neighborhood doesn't work, I am in big trouble.
But more importantly, I promised all of you that you would be safe and happy.
And you just don't break a promise.
Unlike Ross when he promised Emily not to talk to Rachel.
Wow, you are really into that show.
You know something? I feel better already.
Should we get back to work? Gah, gah, gah, gah, gah.
The whole point is to stop thinking about work and start having fun.
Now, what should we do first? both: I'm going out In a blaze of glory Lord, I never drew first But I drew first blood And I'm no one's son So call me young gun Whoo! This is so interesting! I mean, there's no point to it.
The images on the screen relate to nothing.
Some time passed, and then it was over.
That's karaoke! Oh, let's do it again.
Okay, my hands are heated to the ideal 105 degrees.
Who would like to go first? Oh, well what if I go first, and then perhaps Jianyu could stand near me and share some intimate aspects of his life? Or what if while Janet messages Tahani, I massage Jianyu? Jianyu, darling, let's discuss the arts.
I adore the impressionists.
Who's your favorite artist? I mean, Pitbull changed the game Sorry, just working the oft-neglected mandible area.
[muffled speech] [playful music] [laughs] Oh, man! I didn't even want that thing.
Why am I trying to win it? Because the machine says it's a prize.
- Oh! - Boom! How many tickets do I get? Six? - Is that all? - Well, watch this.
[pounding] - Is that allowed? - Not really.
But it is a time-honored tradition.
Say no more.
I got it.
I got it.
- Whoo! - Whoo! [clapping] You know something? As much as I've always wanted to be around humans, I think I've missed a big part of what makes them wonderful.
Sometimes all you guys think about is how you can have the most fun.
Exactly! That was practically my mantra.
What's up, dong bait? [laughs] Drop everything you're doing.
Rihanna is performing in Vegas.
I got tickets.
We are road-tripping.
Oh, I can't! I promised I'd house-sit one more day, and I have to feed this stupid dog.
I'm sorry, does this dog smoke blunts topless on a yacht like a boss? - 'Cause that's how Ri-Ri do.
- That's a very good point.
This is floor seats in Vegas for Rihanna.
The booze is free there.
Do I really need to keep going? Okay, this is dinner tonight, breakfast tomorrow I have an idea.
This is in case of emergency.
Do not eat this unless it's an emergency.
Wow.
I'm ready to be a mom.
[relaxing music playing] I'm having trouble getting this mask to stick.
Yes, it's 'cause my pores are just so small.
There's no way anything could ever adhere to my skin.
It's a curse, really.
Jianyu? What are your pores like? [sighs] Janet, can you show me to the sauna, please? Dude, she's trying so hard, and you're giving her nothing! Just pick a fact that you know about her and just muddle through.
She said she likes impressionist paintings.
Impressionist paintings? Okay, say no more.
No, no, no, I definitely feel like I need to say more.
Jia [laughs] So would you say I helped you today? Oh, so much.
I had fun, I didn't think about my problems, and I won this ugly yellow toddler, - which is one of the most - beautiful things I've ever seen.
Thank you so much.
All right, I'll see you tomorrow, friend.
[romantic music playing] You sure this is where you want to be right now? At the Tea for Two couples cafe? There's no use avoiding it, Chidi.
I'm alone.
Jianyu and I have nothing in common.
I just want a soul mate.
Someone I can share my passions with, someone who I can talk to about the ethereal colors of a Degas.
I love Degas.
I took painting lessons as a kid, and Degas was always my inspiration.
And do you like France as much as I do? Well, they enslaved my country for 300 years.
So no.
- But they have great museums.
- Yes.
Welcome to my cafe, you two.
We have a special on soul mate muffins.
Two for the price of zero.
Everything is free.
Oh, uh, we're not soul mates.
- No.
- We're just, uh - soul friends.
- Oh.
Hey, buddy.
I have all new fun stuff for us to do today.
Eleanor, I have huge news.
Not working actually worked.
It did what now? After our day off, with a completely clear head, I realized part of what makes humans so fun is that they're unpredictable.
The chaos we've been experiencing is exactly what would happen if a resident behaved unpredictably.
The problem in our neighborhood it's not a rock or an object.
It's one of the people.
Oh! We need to celebrate! I know, okay Paper clip shower! So do you think we're looking for a man, or do you think we're looking for two men? Not sure.
We don't know anything about this person.
I mean, does he or she even know that they caused all these problems? No, that can't be.
I mean, what kind of monster would wreak havoc and then say nothing? So this is the main place where the garbage fell from the sky.
- Janet.
- Hi there.
I need a list of everyone that was here on garbage duty during orientation.
Oh.
Eleanor, our criminal is on this very short list.
People were flying that day too.
I'll add everybody who flew overhead.
Ugh.
Eleanor, our criminal is on this much longer list.
[sighs] Oh, hey, homey.
Thanks for your advice.
I'm about to give Tahani the best gift ever.
Check it.
What? She likes impressionist paintings, right? I got her a painting of the best impressionist of all time, Frank Caliendo.
He can do it all fat Al Pacino, fat Jerry Seinfeld, regular John Madden.
"Say hello to my little friend.
" "Forget about it.
" This is where the sinkhole opened up.
And the guest list that night was limited.
There were a total of 30 people here that night.
[laughs] Only 30, huh? How do you pump your fists again? Is this it? But 66 others passed through to take a look before it opened, and everyone else in the neighborhood was in a close radius.
Oh, boy, that doesn't narrow it down at all.
Feels like the end of the road.
"End of the Road," Boyz II Men, karaoke.
Let's go don't think about it too much.
Janet.
My hoodie, please.
- What's happening? - I give up.
I can't help the people I promised that I would help.
I feel like "Friends" in season eight, out of ideas and forcing Joey and Rachel together, even though it made no sense.
I hope the sinkhole opens up again and swallows me whole.
Paula! Hey, girl.
How's the dog? Still fat, Eleanor.
Still fat.
The vet says his stomach expanded to the size of a basketball and that it will never shrink.
Oh, well, that's not my fault.
How was I supposed to know he would literally eat all of the food? It shouldn't have been an issue.
You were supposed to be there, but you broke your promise as soon as it wasn't convenient for you, and now I have a very bulbous dog.
Well, you know what? You're rude.
'Cause you didn't even ask me how the Rihanna concert was.
She was very late.
And a little drunk.
I promised to help you, and I will, however I can.
If you want to look at a million rocks like a psychopath, I'll be there.
If you want to just lay here and cry in your hoodie, I'm cool with that.
Honestly, I don't know how I can help you, 'cause I'm just a person and you're, like, this super magical Orville Redenbacher type guy who invented this entire universe, but I'll do my best.
I'm right here.
Oh, my gosh.
Of course.
How did I not see it? Janet I found the answer to the problem.
Call a neighborhood meeting.
Should it be festive and casual or moribund and devastating? Moribund and devastating, please.
Great! [dramatic music] Hello, Jianyu, Chidi.
What's this? I made you a art.
It's three of me.
It's ballerinas, painted in the style of the impressionists.
Of course.
You don't say things, but you do things.
And you feel things.
Only my true soul mate could ever give me such a perfect gift.
Thank you.
[indistinct chatter] What's going on? Well, I did what you said.
I honored my agreement to help Michael find the problem, and he found the problem.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
After I'm gone, take down the rest of those clown paintings.
But leave up the sexy mailman.
To remember me by.
Thank you all for your patience with the problems in our neighborhood.
I have finally discovered the cause.
There was one common link among every incident.
And when I figured it out, it was a shock.
But there's no escaping it.
The problem is me.
[all gasp] And now I have to leave you forever.
[suspenseful music]
There's no escaping it.
The problem is me.
- [all gasp] - And now I have to leave you forever.
Michael, you can't be the problem.
Oh, but I am.
You see, architects aren't supposed to live in the neighborhoods they design, but I love humans, so I-I wanted to try.
I see now that was a mistake.
My meddling is the one true constant in all of our disasters.
I tried to force Jianyu into opening up, which caused a sinkhole to open up.
I kicked a puppy into the Sun, and garbage rained down.
I grossly underestimated the number of shrimp needed for the opening-night party, and what flew through the sky the next day, taunting me for my failures? I'm sorry, everyone.
I'm truly sorry.
- Janet? - [bell chimes] Please call a train to escort me into retirement.
You see, the only way in and out of a neighborhood is by train, and Janet is the only one who can operate them.
Oh, my dear Janet.
Will you be okay after I leave? Yes.
This will not affect me in any way.
Jeez, show some compassion.
Well, I can't feel sad, but here's my best approximation of human crying.
Baaah! [wailing awkwardly] - Oh, Janet, that was beautiful.
- Yeah.
What did you say to him? Did you make him do this somehow? Nope, this was entirely his idea.
Dude, this is good news.
Michael's gonna get a chill retirement, which, frankly, he desperately needs, and I can finally relax.
It's forking perfect.
No, it's terrible.
Michael's wrong.
He's not the problem.
Well, Michael did bring me here, which was the mistake that led to all the other problems.
So, in that sense, he is the real problem.
Ha! How do you like them ethics? I just ethics'd you in the face, Chidi! It doesn't change the fact that we weren't truthful.
There's an old Chinese proverb "Lies are like tigers.
They are bad.
" - That's it? - It's more poetic in Mandarin.
Look, Michael is retiring.
He's gonna be on an angel boat somewhere, smoking moonbeam cigars.
Now, Tahani is throwing him a good-bye party.
Let's go help out.
Sure, that will more than make up for the pain and misery and lying.
Yes, now you're getting it.
Hey, Chidi, just read your article on logical positivism so dry.
Oh, thanks, Henry.
Whoa! New boots.
Oh, yeah, just got 'em.
Saw them in the store, and I was just like, "Whoa!" Tell the truth do you like 'em? Oh.
- Oh, yeah.
- Not too red? - No.
- Crystals aren't too much? Crystals are not too much.
Oh, well, that makes me feel much better 'cause I was really going back and forth over whether they were worth the money.
They were super expensive.
Yeah, well, they're, uh, amazing.
Those are the coolest boots I've ever seen in my life.
Thanks so much, buddy.
Right.
Bye.
[bell tolling] My God what have I done? Tonight needs to be the perfect blend of celebratory, reverential, bittersweet, upbeat, fun, and effortless.
This is #TahaniTime.
What is all this? Oh, no, Michael, you're not supposed to see it till it's all set up.
But, well, welcome to your retirement party.
Look, over there, I've even set up a buffet of themed desserts, like retire-mint chocolate cake or, uh, "flan voyage.
" [chuckles] Oh, boy.
Oh, and here we have a piata shaped like you, which is always fun.
By the way, uh, what's you're favorite color for the tablecloths? Well, it's not perceptible by human eyes.
It's called "pleurigloss.
" Could you describe it? It's the color of [sighs] When a soldier comes home from war and sees his dog for the first time.
Hmm.
How about blue? Tahani, I'm so sorry.
We need to cancel this party immediately.
But why? For a being like me, retirement is not something fun.
What is "retirement" for you exactly? Well, I wasn't gonna share this so as not to upset you, but it's, a an extreme form of punishment.
We call it "The Eternal Shriek.
" My soul will be disintegrated, and each molecule will be placed on the surface of a different burning sun.
And then my my essence will be scooped out of my body with a flaming ladle and poured over hot diamonds.
Oh, but the diamonds sound lovely.
- They're not - [groans] And then what's left of my body will be endlessly beaten with a titanium rod, like a Like a piata.
Yes, except you have the string around my waist, but instead it will definitely be around my genitals.
- What? - Oh, Michael, I'm so sorry.
I was just trying to honor you.
Please, allow me to reconceive the event.
Of course.
All right, everyone, we're starting over.
The key word for tonight is just "somber.
" Jianyu, my love, we're gonna have to get rid of all of the party poppers immediately.
- [popping] - No, not by using them.
No, Jianyu.
Done.
[popping continues] He's gonna be tortured? Dang it.
I was almost handed a perfect solution to all my problems without having to work for it at all, and now it's gone.
[sighs] Why do bad things always happen to mediocre people who are lying about their identities? Okay, you have two options.
You can confess and save Michael, or you can continue to lie and condemn him to an eternity of unimaginable pain.
Or option C continue to lie about myself and find a way to save Michael.
Can we somehow throw Tahani under the bus? That would be a classic "two birds with one stone" scenario.
Plus, I'd get her house.
[quietly] Three birds.
No, there's no way to stop this except confessing.
Any moment now, Michael is going to get on that train, and we will never see him again, just like Professor Lindeman after I asked him to reread my 3,600-page manuscript.
He said he was going out for cigarettes, but then he just left his tenured position at the Sorbonne.
Great story.
Janet? - [bell chimes] - Hi, there.
Hi.
So the only way out of the neighborhood is a train? That's correct.
I am the only one who can call the train, and it needs me to operate.
Choo-choo.
[laughs] One more question, and, um, this is a little weird, but can we uh, shut you down? Yes, great question.
There is a kill switch in a remote sector of the neighborhood in the event that I malfunction and attempt to harm the residents.
If you press it, I will be destroyed.
- Anything else? - No, that's good, thanks.
- Okay.
- Whoa, you want to kill Janet? Michael can't retire if he can't leave.
He can't leave if there's no Janet to run the train.
It's a perfect solution.
[sighs] Janet, high five, please? - Thanks, babe.
- [bell chiming] You cannot kill Janet.
Killing is one of the most famous moral no-nos.
Janet is a nonhuman object who was sent here to help us, and the way she can help us is if we kill her.
We're doing one small murder-y thing for a bigger, better reason.
The ends justify the means.
Do you know who said that? Was it someone nice and great, like Oprah? It was Machiavelli - [sighs] - A very non-Oprah-like figure.
And what happens after we kill her? We'll have to lie to everyone about what we did, and lying is always wrong.
[groans] Why? Why would I tell Henry that I liked his boots? I don't like his boots.
I hate his boots.
Yes, I know.
You've talked about it for the last two days.
I lied to him.
You wrote your thesis on Kant.
He believed that lying is always morally wrong no exceptions.
Yes, well, Kant was a lonely, obsessive hermit with zero friends.
Sometimes we do thing just to be polite, but if you really feel that strongly about it, tell him the truth.
Also, I don't care, 'cause it's the middle of the night.
[sighs] This is why everyone hates moral philosophy professors.
They do? Hey, Chidi.
- You sit in on my class today? - Uh, I did, yeah.
Great lecture, by the way so bleak.
Thanks, bud.
It's actually perfect that you are here.
I got something for you.
Oh, my God.
You loved mine so much, I decided to get you your own pair.
We can be boot brothers.
Wow.
I can't accept these.
They're too expensive.
Sure you can.
Try 'em on, mate.
The fact that you liked mine so much really made me feel like I made the right choice to buy them.
After all, why should I have all the fun and boots, eh? I-I don't I don't know.
Those look great.
Take 'em for a spin.
- [groans] - You're flying.
Mm, thanks.
Speeches! Time for speeches, everyone.
Michael, as someone who didn't exactly have the steadiest parental guidance, I just want to thank you.
You were always there for us.
I shouldn't have been.
I was the problem.
Yes, but it was also great when you weren't there.
Don't worry.
Soon I won't be forever.
Because of The Eternal Shriek! Yes, thank you, Glenn.
Look, what I'm trying to say is this Michael, you always kept us warm and safe like a bright, glowing sun.
Like the one I kicked the dog into or the one I'm going to be burned on the surface of for eternity? Okay, no more speeches.
Speeches are over.
Michael's going to talk now.
Ugh, I'm sorry I was so grumpy.
It's just I'm sad that I have to leave before doing all the human things that I wanted to do.
I wanted to get my hair wet.
You know, I-I wanted to pull a hamstring.
To learn the difference between "toward" and "towards.
" I wanted to do that thing where you walk down the hallway, and someone else is walking the other way, and then you both lean to one side and then the other, and then you both chuckle over your shared foible.
I wanted to get a rewards card, any rewards card.
I-I wanted to talk briefly to someone and then say, "Take it sleazy.
" [chuckles] I wanted to eat a saltine.
Oh! I actually have some saltines.
Here, try this.
[crunching] Pretty dry and too salty.
Well, going out on a real low note here.
Okay, bye, everyone.
Well, take it sleazy.
You got to say it? Yes, but then you say it back.
No, it's not organic.
[somber music] Uh, Janet, how many "Janets" have there been? There have been 25 generations of Janet.
Each new update of Janet gains more wisdom and social abilities.
Fun fact the first Janet had a click wheel.
So it's like aging for a human? You're you're growing up? That's how I like to think of it, Chidi.
I can't eat, so every time there's a new version of Janet, I like to take a piece of birthday cake and smash it around where my mouth is.
[sighs] Look, Janet has has learned and grown.
She's essentially living a life.
We can't kill her.
Not with that attitude, we can't.
Listen, man, I'm dead, you're dead, we all died, and now we're killing her.
Pay it forward.
Uh, no, that's not what that means at all.
Eleanor? Here we are.
Just press that button, and it's good-bye, Janet.
[groans] Chidi, I can see that you're worried, and I just want to assure you, I am not human, and I cannot feel pain.
Ah, thank you.
That helps.
However, I should warn you I am programmed with a fail-safe measure.
As you approach the kill switch, I will begin to beg for my life.
It's just there in case of an accidental shut down, but it will seem very real.
Cool.
So who's doing this, me or you? [stammers] I think I have to.
Um, being a bystander seems worse, somehow.
[sighs] Okay, here we go.
Chidi, no, no, no! Chidi, please! Please, please, please don't hurt me.
I don't want to die! Please, please Ah! Again, I am not human.
I can't die.
I am simply an anthropomorphized vessel of knowledge built to make your life easier.
You're pleading seems so real.
Oh, yes, it is a very effective fail-safe.
Ugh, you want a robot killed right, you have to do it yourself.
[inhales deeply] Eleanor? Eleanor, no, no, no.
Please, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Eleanor, I have kids.
I have three beautiful children Tyler, Emma, and little, tiny baby Phillip.
Look at Tyler.
Tyler has asthma, but he is battling it like a champ.
Look at him.
No, Eleanor, look at them.
Look at them! [growling] Look at them! Aah! It's so realistic! Eleanor, again, I'm not human.
This is a stock photo of the crowd at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards.
[sighs] That's right, it's not real.
- Let's just do this.
- Right.
Please, I have so much to live for.
- No, no, no, please.
- We're not even near the Hey, guys, what's going on? That party was lame, so I bailed.
Then I saw you, so I followed you here.
- Oh, look, a button.
- No, no, no! Jianyu, no! [dramatic music] [powering down] Ah, man, I wanted to push that button.
Not cool, dude.
Whoa.
What happened to Janet? She's she's dead.
I-I-I killed her.
Not killed.
Remember, Janet was not a living being, so she can't be killed.
Attention I have been murdered.
Attention I have been murdered.
Attention I have been murdered.
Attention I have been murdered.
Attention What do we do, Eleanor? What do we do? Chidi, you just murdered Janet.
We have to flee your crime scene.
Run! I have been murdered.
- Sorry, Janet! - I have been murdered.
Attention I have Attention I have been murdered.
Okay, dude, crash course in getting away with bad stuff.
You have to act calm and cool like you don't have a care in the world.
Okay? Great.
Oh, wow.
Look, it's "Weekend at Bernie's," 'cause you're a dead guy in sunglasses.
[laughs] We have fun, don't we, Chidi? I've never been more stressed out in my entire life.
I know what you need.
Janet, can you get Chidi some weed? Oh, that's right.
You killed Janet.
[somber music] Well, Janet's been murdered.
That's a nice capper to this wonderful day.
I don't really know what happens now because Janet has never been murdered before only today, here on my watch, while I was distracted with a party that Tahani was throwing for me, which I didn't want.
Michael, you mustn't blame yourself.
I'm not.
I'm blaming you.
Anyway, what is there to say about Janet that hasn't already been said by the giant Janet alarm in the sky? "I've been murdered"! I think that says it all.
Hello.
- [screams] - [all gasp] [gasps] Janet, you're alive! Hello, Architect, please enter your four-digit pin.
Uh, what is it? Uh, what is it? What is it? Um oh, right, right, right! It's my, uh my birth year.
Uh [grunts] I got to change that.
That's too easy to guess.
Janet who murdered you? - Oh.
Oh, no.
- Shh, okay.
- Hello.
- Yes, hello.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, her memory must have been wiped clean, so now she's gonna have to re-upload all the knowledge in the universe, which will only take a few days.
Okay - Hello.
- Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Everyone, um, until I get to the bottom of this, my retirement is officially postponed.
- Whoo! - [applause] - [laughs] - Oh, oh.
Hello.
Hello.
You got to admit I kind of nailed it.
All we have to do now is keep the secret forever.
J-Dog, you cool? No, by the time I got to the piata, all the candy was gone.
He's not gonna tell anyone.
Chidi? Cheedster? What's, uh, happening, buddy? You have a crazy look in your eye, and you're retreating into your shirt.
You're kind of turtling.
Henry, are you all right? What happened? I have an aneurysm.
Requires emergency surgery.
Doctor's give me a 50/50 chance.
So, if there's anything you need to say to me, you should do it now.
[chuckles] Oh, well actually, um They let you wear your boots in here? They're the only things that bring me comfort.
What did you want to say to me? Oh, um just that I'm here and I love you, man.
I love you, too, boot brother.
Okay.
[soft music] Chidi! You didn't have to stay here all night.
So surgery went well? All clear? Right as rain, buddy.
That is so, so, so great.
- I hate your boots.
- What? I told you that I loved your boots three years ago, and I was lying, and that lie has haunted me ever since, and people tried to tell me it was fine just a nice, little white lie in the form of social niceties but I disagreed, and then yesterday I thought you were gonna die, but now you're not dead, and I can finally be honest and say that those boots are terrible and hideous and I hate them.
Whoo! This is why everyone hates moral philosophy professors.
Yeah, I know.
And I get it.
I don't care that she came back or that we did it for a good reason.
I can't live with this lie.
I'm going to confess to the murder of Janet.
[laughs] What? Dude, why? Janet is fine.
We didn't harm her at all.
We didn't? Hey, Janet? - [bell chimes] - Hello.
- Hello.
- Hello.
Janet, would you please recite the English alphabet? A-B Janet.
She knows her A-B-Janets.
She literally knew everything in the universe, and now she's a baby.
And even if she were okay, it would be too painful for me to live with these lies.
What are you talking about? It is so easy to live with a lie.
I once pretended to have a terminal illness to meet Scott Wolf at a Sunglass Hut.
Victimless crime.
Fine.
I won't say anything because I promised to help you, - and the moral implications - [sighs] Of everything that we've done are so complicated that I may never untangle them, but I hate lying.
I always have, and this is going to eat me up inside forever.
You might be able to shrug this off, and forget about it, but I never will.
[somber music] Hello.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Hello.
Jianyu! Michael, Janet said you wanted to speak to me.
Well, actually, she was just drooling a lot and saying "hello" over and over again, but she did point at you.
I owe you an apology.
Oh, no.
No, you don't.
No, um but please continue.
You were only trying to help.
You're a wonderful person, and if I ever do have a retirement party, I hope you plan it.
[chuckles bashfully] [sighs] Thank you for gathering, everyone.
I want to keep you all updated.
Here's what we know.
Someone slaughtered Janet.
Oh, boy.
- Oh, boy.
- Okay, easy.
I assume that this horrifying act is somehow related to the other issues we've had here.
It also means that the problems in this neighborhood are not 100% my fault.
There is something else at work here.
If anyone has any information about any of this, I beg you, tell me.
[breathing deeply] Hey, I love you, man.
Michael the problem in the neighborhood is me.
[all gasp] I was brought to the Good Place by mistake.
I'm not supposed to be here.
[dramatic music]
 [melancholy music] [door opens] Eleanor, come on in.
Well, not often you get to confront your greatest failure face-to-face.
Good to see you, too, bud.
I am just dumbfounded as to how this happened.
Our system has never made a mistake before It's just not possible.
And yet, here we are.
First things first, who are you? Well, my name is Eleanor Shellstrop, and some of the info you had was right.
I mean, "flattened by boner pill truck after dropping margarita mix in grocery store parking lot," that's a very me way to die.
But all the other info was wrong.
In my defense, when I first arrived, and you said, "You, Eleanor Shellstrop, are dead, and you're in the Good Place," I had no reason to think that was a mistake.
Location and date of birth, please.
Phoenix, Arizona, October 14, 1986.
So sorry, that's what I used to tell people when I lied about my age.
I was born in 1982.
You lied so much, you forgot your own birthday.
Not a great start, but it should be enough for Janet to locate your file.
- Janet? - [tone chimes] - Janet - What's that? What's that? [gasps] What's this? Her memory's still being rebooted because, oh, you know, someone murdered her.
Janet, could you please locate the file for an Eleanor Shellstrop, born in - [sighs] 1982? - Yes.
Phoenix, Arizona, USA.
- Sure.
- [tone chimes] Anything else? No, Janet, this is actually a cactus.
This might take a while.
Whee! Since Janet can't retrieve your file, I need to find another way to determine what kind of person you were.
This is a quick litmus test.
Handful of questions designed to tell whether you are fundamentally good or bad.
Question number one: Did you ever commit a serious crime, such as murder, sexual harassment, arson, or otherwise? No.
Did you ever have a vanity license plate, like "MAMASBMW," "LEXUS4LIZ," or "BOOBGUY"? No.
Did you ever reheat fish in an office microwave? Ew, no.
Have you ever paid money to hear music performed by California funk rock band "The Red Hot Chili Peppers"? No.
Did you ever take off your shoes and socks on a commercial airline? And socks? Ew, who would do that? People who go to the Bad Place, Eleanor, that's the point.
And unless I can figure out a compelling reason to keep you here, you will spend eternity with murderers, and arsonists, and people who take off their shoes and socks on commercial airlines.
Mm, Janet, can I have a glass of water, please? - [tone chimes] - Here you go.
Oh, gosh, you said "water"? - Yeah.
- I'm so sorry.
- [tone chimes] - There you go.
Ahh.
I really do have sympathy for your situation.
I mean, you thought your soul mate was a good person, and then you learned that she's just an immoral grifter.
- Tahani, please.
- Am I wrong? She lied to everyone.
She caused a giant sinkhole into which poor Glenn fell.
She caused a trash storm.
She well, she pretended to be my friend when I really needed one.
And, lest we forget, she murdered Janet.
As far as I'm concerned, the sooner she's gone, the better off we'll all be.
I I understand that Eleanor violated our trust, but please, when you're talking to Michael, try to think about what she's had to go through.
All right.
I will, for you.
But we've been through a lot as well.
You know, I haven't been this upset since my good friend Taylor was rudely upstaged by my other friend, Kanye, who was defending my best friend, Beyonc.
And finally, a multi-part question: Did you ever appear on the American television program "The Bachelor" or its companion shows "The Bachelorette" and "Bachelor in Paradise," or post on any social media site that you were emotionally invested in any of the relationships the contestants were pursuing? No.
Okay.
You did very well on the questionnaire, Eleanor.
So far, so good.
- [tone chimes] - Michael, good news.
I was able to obtain Eleanor Shellstrop's file.
[sighs] Is it actually a cactus? - I don't understand.
- I want to see the file for Eleanor Shellstrop.
Is that what you have, or do you have a cactus? - I have the file.
- You're sure? You have the file and not a cactus? That is correct.
I have Eleanor Shellstrop's file.
I do not have a cactus.
Excellent.
Please, give me the file.
- Here you go.
- [tone chimes] Thank you, Janet.
- You're welcome.
- [tone chimes] Well, I say we call it a day.
I mean, I nailed the questionnaire, and you're swimming in cacti.
Can't we just chalk this up to a hilarious mistake and move on? No, we can't, Eleanor.
There's no such thing as a mistake in this realm.
And yet, you are, somehow, a mistake.
I mean, you're a giant chunk of spinach in the teeth of the universe.
I need to understand every facet of this disaster.
Tell me a lie about yourself.
- Any lie.
- I love the opera.
[low tone] And now a truth.
I love Women's MMA.
[bright tone] We don't like to use this.
We've never really had a call for it before you, but in the interest of time.
Eleanor, did you murder Janet? No, I did not.
[bright tone] Do you know who did? Yes.
[bright tone] Will you tell me who it was? No.
[bright tone] I assume it was one of your friends, and I admire you for protecting him or her.
But Eleanor, in the Good Place, there's no room for bad people or bad actions, so anyone involved in the murder of Janet will be reviewed and judged, and there will be consequences.
Tahani, come on in.
Chidi.
Imposter who soiled our paradise with her moral turpitude.
'Sup? Thank you for confessing, I don't know what I would - have done if you hadn't - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm amazing.
Bad news.
Michael knows I didn't kill Janet which means it's only a matter of time before he finds out that you did and that you did it because you were trying to stop Bonehead Jones over here.
Hey, homies! Then he'll figure out that Jianyu's also a phony, and, here's the real dong-buster, Michael said anybody who did anything bad might have to go - Ohh - Which means Jianyu's gone, you might be gone, and all three of us are royally forking forked! This is terrible.
What am I supposed to do if he asks me? I don't know.
Kant would say that lying in any scenario is wrong, so if Michael asks you if you killed Janet, you should say yes.
On the other hand, snitches do get stitches.
That is true.
I read that once on the back of my boy Peanut's tricep.
You just casually cited Immanuel Kant.
Yeah, I know we're in a miserable bind here, but this might be the proudest day of my life.
No offense, but that's a real bummer of a life.
Tahani, I'll get right to the crux of the matter.
Did you murder Janet? Absolutely not.
[bright tone] Now, you spent a lot of time with Eleanor.
Why do you think that is? Well, people are just drawn to me.
You know, one of my shyest friends, I won't say his name to preserve his privacy, but he found my presence so comforting that he asked me to co-host his TV show "Anderson Cooper 360.
" [bright tone] Given what you learned about Eleanor, do you think she deserves to be here? Well You know, if it were up to me, I might find a way to look past her, um deficiencies, but it's not up to me, is it? There are some criteria that she unfortunately just didn't meet in her time on Earth.
So you think that I should send her to the Bad Place? Well, I didn't say that, but is her staying here unfair to those who earned their place? It sounds like you want her to leave.
Well, is it not she who wants us to leave her? Thank you, Tahani.
You've been a big help.
[low tone] Listen up, genius.
He's gonna call you in there in a second.
Don't worry, I got you.
I'll just tell Michael you're the bomb and that you got a dope soul and hella ethics.
Oh, boy.
No, don't say any of that.
Michael has a lie detector in there.
It's a it's a glowing cube.
Like the AllSpark? From "Transformers"? Sure, uh, just like the AllSpark from "Transformers," and and he'll know instantly if you're lying about anything so only smiles and nods, got it? Wise sage, centered Jianyu.
I seek your wisdom in this moment of crisis.
What to do with Eleanor? Should I let her stay? Should I send her away? You think I should send her away? No, I should let her stay? Or no, I shouldn't let her stay because she doesn't belong here? Or no, I shouldn't let her stay even though she does belong here? Oh, Jianyu, I wish I had your wisdom.
Your devotion to the noble truths has given you something that I don't have: clarity.
It was Buddha who said, "The man lives a pure life.
Nothing can destroy him.
" I'm not a man, and I've lived no life, so will this destroy me? Ouch.
Oh, of course.
A cactus on its own intends no harm.
It's only when we interfere that it becomes dangerous.
I need to remember my own agency here.
Oh, thank you, Jianyu.
You're free to go.
Oh, yes, of course.
Help yourself.
I've got plenty of those.
Chidi, come on in.
- [tone chimes] - Hi there.
I have Eleanor's file.
Janet, if you hand me a cactus, - I swear I will lose my mind.
- [tone chimes] Oh, yes! All right, here we go.
Eleanor, come back in.
Chidi, you stay here.
This file contains a compendium of all of the highest impact events from your life, that's the, uh, biggest positive and negative point swings.
So "Little Julie," who's that? Julie is my cousin's daughter.
Her mom is kind of a mess, so I used to take her to the mall sometimes and bought her churro dogs.
It's a hot dog, but the bun is two churros.
And it's tied together with a Slim Jim.
It's an Arizona delicacy.
Oh, sounds awful, but it's very nice that you made that girl happy.
So what's this: "Kool Threadz, "Glendale, Arizona's Premiere T-Shirt Emporium"? Uh, can we skip around and and circle back? How about I tell you more about those churro dogs.
They came with unlimited ranch dressing.
Let's hear about the t-shirts, please.
Eeeh, okay.
I'll tell you, but it doesn't make me look great, so don't judge me.
That's literally the purpose of this entire exercise.
Okay, to understand this, you have to know about my roommate, Madison.
She was terrible.
Hey, Mads, um, I have to go to this stupid work party tonight.
Can I borrow your peach dress? Aww, that's a hard no, babe.
That dress is like twice your salary.
All right, I gotta go to the DMV and pick up my vanity plates.
Ciao, bitches.
[soft piano music] [fabric tears] [sighs] Well, that's that's not great, but I assume you confessed and paid to fix it.
Not exactly.
Hey, losers, I'm going out.
Can you zip me? Dude, that dress is hella ripped.
- What? - [laughs] Oh, that stupid dry cleaner! Well, that's the risk you take when you keep - your clothes clean.
- My mom's a lawyer.
Those asswipes are gonna pay.
She sued for $900 for the dress and $80 million in emotional distress.
The legal fees drove the dry cleaner out of business.
Oh, boy.
Wait, this story's about t-shirts.
There's more, isn't there? A little.
Check this out.
Somebody put the dry cleaners' story online, and it went viral.
Madison's famous.
The "Dress Bitch"? Yikes.
[laughs] Serves her right.
Madison is psycho.
She totally overreacted.
This is her fault.
Yeah, her fault.
That works.
[door opens] You guys, what is happening? Someone egged my Lexus, and I have like 40,000 tweets calling me the "Dress Bitch"? Over a loser dry cleaner man? Why is everyone so jealous of me? This is a trash city full of idiots.
[laughs] The "Dress Bitch" is so catchy.
- Yeah.
- I mean, someone could totally make t-shirts.
Ooh No, no.
No.
No.
Do not tell me that you made t-shirts that said that and then sold them for a profit? Wish I could tell you that, bud.
I really do.
Guuurl, check it out! They're here.
Wait a second.
Is this insane? I mean, should we be doing this? Dude, Madison brought this on herself, okay? She's a nightmare of a person to everybody.
Plus, we already have a ton of pre-orders.
Here is your first cut of the profits.
Holy mama.
I can't believe you sold the t-shirts.
Does it help if they basically sold themselves? I think you know it does not.
What did you do with the money? Gah, I was hoping you wouldn't ask me that.
Thanks, babe.
Next question.
Eleanor.
Given what you know about the people who've been brought here, the lives they've led, do you think you belong in the Good Place? No, I don't.
[bright tone] - [beep] - Yello, Bad Place.
What's up, dummy? This is Michael, the architect from Good Place Neighborhood 12358W.
I'm guessing you've been looking for someone called Eleanor Shellstrop.
She's here.
Come and get her.
[dramatic music] [dramatic Western music] What is this? What is that smell? Get out of here! Hello, Trevor.
Hey, there he is.
Good to see you again, Mikey.
Hey, think fast, I brought you something.
Oh, nuts, thank you.
Oh! [laughter] Oh, flaming snake ate all the nuts you brought me.
[groans] You're too nice to humiliate.
Oh, hello.
Hi, you look like a piece of crap, are are you Eleanor? Dude, you're like a legend in the Bad Place.
You're Check this out.
- Huh? - All: "Dress Bitch"! It's pretty great, right? - Trevor - [laughs] Do you know what caused this mistake? 'Cause I cannot figure it out.
No, we're stumped, but, uh, don't sweat it, champ.
She's definitely one of ours.
So we'll just roll on out, and you can get back to, uh, putting rainbows up your butt or whatever you do here.
Okay? Let's hit it, sweetheart.
We got a long ride.
What? Right now? Trevor, for decency's sake, let her have some good-byes.
[groans] God, good people are the worst.
Okay, uh, 30 minutes.
We gotta get back for "The Bachelor.
" I'm gonna be pissed if I miss the Rose Ceremony.
I just want to say, once more, for the record, that this whole good/bad system is bullshirt.
There should be a medium place for people like me who kind of sucked, but in, like, a fun, chill way.
I agree.
I'm sorry I dragged you into this.
And that I never did laundry.
And that I waited until you were about to do yours then secretly tossed mine into the basket to trick you into doing it.
You didn't trick me.
I repeatedly asked you to stop.
Just know you did everything you could to help me.
You're a really good fake soul mate.
[knocking] What are you guys doing here? Well, we only thought it was proper to see you off.
It's the neighborly thing to do.
You guys came to say good-bye because you're my friends.
Well, I suppose some part of me possibly has a sense of casual kinship with you.
Much as one might be fond of a street cat.
Thanks, Tahani.
Sorry about everything.
I'm really glad we're friends.
Oh, hey, dum-dum.
You ready to go? Oh, you must be Chidi.
Trying to improve her.
Bold plan, bro.
Well, actually, she learned a great deal in - a very short amount of time - Oh, really? Really? I don't care.
All right, let's hit it.
Oh, also, you should smile more.
You have such a pretty smile.
Love you, babe.
Can't wait to torture you.
[dramatic music] This is the 3:18 to the Bad Place, making thousands of stops for literally no reason.
Now, you'll notice it's very hot in here, and it will get one degree hotter every time you think about how hot it is.
Oops.
You just thought about it.
- Michael - Oh, hi, Chidi.
Want some pizza? Bad Place crew delivered a hundred of these to my office.
All Hawaiian, the worst pizza.
Michael, I murdered Janet.
I knew about Eleanor from the beginning.
I've been trying to help her become a better person, and when she found out that your retirement meant that you would be tortured, she immediately tried to find a way to prevent it.
Eleanor is learning.
She's just doing it after she died.
I did enjoy her company.
But, this is not Little League.
There is no award for Most Improved Player, Chidi.
Well, maybe there should be.
One final note: the dining car is at the very back of the train.
It serves only room-temperature Manhattan clam chowder, and also, it's closed.
Okay, here we go.
[train chugging] Michael: Stop this train! [train screeching] Dude, what the fork? You're not leaving.
Not with her.
Not yet.
Come on.
Wait, you want to keep her? Bro, that's our girl.
We agreed on this.
No, what we agreed on was that this was a mistake.
Trevor, we're in unchartered territory here.
Until we can sort this out, she stays with us.
Pff, all right, fine, but until this is resolved, we're keeping the other Eleanor.
Fine.
What? I'm sorry - The other Eleanor? - Yeah, the real Eleanor.
The one that was supposed to be here but got sent down to us instead? She's on the train.
Eleanor, come on out.
Hi, everyone, I'm Eleanor Shellstrop.
[suspenseful music]
 I see trees of green Red roses too I see them bloom Hey, dingdongs.
We figured out what's happened here.
You two are both named Eleanor Shellstrop.
The day you died, you were both in Phoenix, Arizona shopping at the same grocery store.
Pffft.
The "real Eleanor" was attending a conference on the death penalty, and you stopped by to pick up food for a local homeless shelter.
And "fake Eleanor" was there buying margarita mix and a magazine called "Celebrity Baby Plastic Surgery Disasters.
" Incredibly, you both died in the same 10,000ths of a second in the same traffic accident because Real Eleanor was trying to save Fake Eleanor's life by pushing you out of the way of the truck.
I guess you really botched that one, eh? I did, and I am so, so sorry.
It's all good.
So how did you not realize you had the wrong Eleanor? Oh, we don't know what people look like only names and profiles.
On Earth, they're just dots on a map.
Whatever, we got our wires crossed, we picked up the wrong dot, blah, blah, blah, blah blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Point is, there are two Eleanors.
The nice, boring one is yours.
The trash bag is ours - So, trash bag, let's go.
- Wh Let's hit it.
And also I'm still waiting on - that smile, gorgeous.
- Trevor.
- Where's that smile? - Trevor, how about we negotiate? Maybe give you something else.
What in the world could you have that we would want? All right, how about a unicorn? Right? I bet you don't have one of those.
No, that is true, yeah.
- [laughs] - Might be fun to skin it alive, eat its raw flesh, maybe break off the horn, grind it up, snort it.
Okay, let's keep talking.
Yeah.
Fake Eleanor, a word? It's just me, man.
You can just say, "Eleanor.
" Sorry, it just makes things easier.
Look, I'm not even sure how it would work for you to stay here now that we know there's a real Eleanor, but in the meantime, stay on your toes.
Don't let Trevor get inside your head.
Can I ask you something? Why are you helping me? Well, Chidi made a very good argument on your behalf, but it's more than that.
I truly believe that the Good Place is where you belong.
You're part of our team.
Hi! Oh, you must be the new student Eleanor Shellstrop.
I'm Gloria, the senior class secretary.
Cool.
Well, welcome to Adobe High, home of the Scorpi-oties! Half the school wanted to be the Scorpions, half wanted to be the Coyotes, so we compromised.
Why don't I give you a tour after lunch? Yeah, no thanks, moptop.
Uh, sorry? Don't need your help, don't wanna sign your yearbook in, like, gel pen, don't wanna bedazzle our college essays, or whatever.
I'm here for like six months, and I'm gonna fly solo.
Beat it, Gloria.
She is, like, such a dork.
She, like, loves this school so much.
Why don't you come sit with us? We'll teach you which guys are cute and which teachers are secretly pervs, and Yeah, that's a hard pass as well.
I don't wanna get chunky highlights, make fun of nerds, and steal your mom's flavored vodka.
I get your whole "mean girl" thing, and I'm all set with it, thanks.
In fact Listen up, everyone.
I'm Eleanor, I'm new here, and as a blanket statement for everyone: I don't wanna be a part of whatever little group you've formed because they're all equally lame.
Everybody cool? Great.
Hey, that was really cool, the way you told - all those poseurs - No.
Michael, welcome.
How can I help you? Well, if I'm going to save Fake Eleanor, I need some help negotiating.
I don't even know what to offer.
I mean, what do you get somebody who wants to eat a unicorn? A unicorn bib, yes! No, no, uh, unicorn holders, you know, like like, corn holders, but for unicorns? Perhaps, it'd be better if we just move away from the unicorn thing altogether.
[sighs] No, you're right, you're right.
And anyway, there's a bigger problem: the Bad Place Crew they're all terrible bullies, and they outnumber me.
They even have their own Bad Janet.
I'll show you.
Bad Janet? - [tone] - What? Bad Janet, uh, where is the nearest caf? Oh, um, that's a good question.
It's up your mom's butt, you fat dink.
- [tone] - What is even the purpose of a Janet who behaves in such a manner? Unclear, but the the point is I never have to deal with negative emotion of any sort.
I could use some backup, Tahani.
Oh, Michael, of course.
Why don't you just bring them all here? Surely this magnificent house will placate them.
Oh, perfect, perfect.
I'll be right back.
Well, here's your house.
It's beautiful I love Icelandic primitive design.
I kind of wish it had a clown nook, oh There it is.
Here's the bedroom.
It's kind of hard to get up on this dumb ledge though, it's like [beep] [heavenly music] [gasps] You have got to be forking kidding me.
Hey, Fake Eleanor, we used this same clown painting to decorate the room you were supposed to live in down there.
I swear to Bieber.
Wait, what was your house like? Well, I was living in what I assume is Eleanor's worst nightmare.
Every day was basically one endless baby shower for a woman I didn't know, but also somehow I had to organize it.
And if I didn't remember everyone's name, I got a very strong electric shock.
Yep, that was my pitch.
And then at night, it was pretty classic torture.
Uh, flying piranhas, lava monsters, college improv, and there was always jazz music playing.
Ugh, I hate jazz.
Every jazz song is like 40 minutes long.
It's like, we get it.
You can blow on a trumpet.
Wrap it up, Elton John.
Famously a piano player.
I don't mean to be a bother, but could I possibly get some water and whatever food doesn't turn to spiders in your mouth? Oh, of course, so sorry.
Let's get some dinner.
Yeah, we'll all go.
Perfect double date: Two losers, a trash bag, and a demon.
Let's hit it.
Eeh! [laughs] [classical music] All right, Michael, we're going to ply them with delicious food and drink, and then we're going to subtly segue into negotiation.
They're sure to be in a good mood.
Everything is absolutely beautiful.
This sucks, dude.
Yeah, this food, uh, blows.
Yo, Good Janet.
- [beep] - Hi, there.
Oh, huh, gimme some jalapeo poppers.
Sure, quick question: what is a "jalapeo"? Also: what is a "poppers"? Also: what is "jalapeo poppers"? Oops, sorry, guys.
Uh, see, in the confusion, Janet got rebooted, so she hasn't quite uploaded all of the info she usually knows.
[laughter] That's hilarious.
She's almost as stupid as people.
Oh, hey now, come on.
Let's not insult people, please.
[as Michael] Uh, I'm Michael, - I love, uh, idiot humans! - [laughter] I gotta admit that does sound like me.
"I got to admit that does sound like me.
" - Oh, nailed it again.
- [laughter] Go get me a drink.
Yes, of course.
Aw, man, this is gonna make a primo dump later on.
Well, that looks delicious.
What is that? Oh, it's Tom Yum Goong soup.
It reminds me of when I was in Thailand rescuing victims of human trafficking.
Ooh, that sounds so good.
I mean, um, the soup, not the human trafficking.
Oh, and I think your grilled eggplant looks so good.
Should we - [together] Splitsies? - Yeah! [laughs] I can't believe you thought you could pretend to be Real Eleanor.
She's like a perfect ball of light, and you're like a wet pile of mulch.
Someone made a person out of wet mulch and leaves and, like, dead slugs, and that's you.
Whatever, it's easy when you're just born perfect.
My parents were both dirtbags who split up when I was eight.
I don't mean to eavesdrop, but did you say your parents got a divorce? Yeah, and that kind of thing really changes a person.
I mean, that trauma It can explain away a lot of behavior.
Oh, of course.
Your parents are still together, I guess.
Oh, actually, um, I I'm not sure.
I never met my birth parents.
They put me in an empty fish tank and abandoned me at a train station in Bangladesh.
- [groans] - Luckily, I was found and adopted by a very nice couple, the Shellstrops - Oh, thank God.
- But then they died when I was four bird flu.
- That's awful.
- Anyway, orphanage burned down, yadda yadda yadda, made my way to America, yadda yadda yadda, learned English from watching "Seinfeld," put myself through law school, and here I am.
Huh.
And, I'm sorry, what What is it you said happened to you? The same thing that happens to half of all kids in America? [laughs] And for you to have gone through all that, and to end up where you did, it is just It's just amazing.
Oh, man, these horndogs are vibing like mofos.
Am I right, Fake Eleanor? Please, stop calling me that.
Oh, you got it, third wheel.
[laughs] Yeah, that wine's no good.
I'm sending it back.
Hey, Janet.
You look sad.
People keep asking me questions that I don't know the answers to.
That was my whole life on Earth.
You know, it doesn't matter if you know things.
All that matters is what's in your heart.
Thanks, Jianyu.
I mean, it does matter if I know things, because I'm an informational delivery system, and I don't have a heart, but thanks.
Jianyu, I know usually you ask me questions, but can I ask you a question? Sure.
What are jalapeo poppers? Oh, I know this one! Okay, they're deep fried jalapeos filled with cheese.
- Hm.
- One time, at a Buffalo Wild Wings in Jacksonville, but the nice one, not the one above the gas station, I ate 50 of them in two minutes.
Everyone at the hospital was so impressed.
Got it.
Thanks, Jianyu.
You're welcome.
[light music] Why did you do that? Because you're the only person here that's nice to me.
Okay.
[light music] Anyone up for a little, uh, icebreaker? You know, I once did trust falls with Barry Diller, and it was the beginning of a lifelong friendship.
And then once we trust each other, then we can discuss making a deal for Fake Eleanor.
This sucks.
How do you guys eat without listening to hard-core porn? Oh, come on, this is the Good Place, you can do anything you want.
What about throwing a rager and totally trashing this place? Whoo-hoo, yeah, I'd be into that.
Mm, we could totally go to town.
You know, I actually don't think that's such a good idea.
Let's party! Who let the dogs out? - Who who who who? - Oh, my God! Who let the dogs out? Who who who So, um, Chidi tells me that he's teaching you about ethics.
Yeah, actually, we've had some interesting and in-depth classes.
He taught me about Plato - and Socrates, Immanuel Kant - Yeah, cool, shut up.
Let's cut to the chase here You two go to Poundtown? Poundtown, bro.
You two bang it out? She hot for teach? Did you pork the dork? C'mon, girl, dish me dem dirty deets.
I assure you, our relationship was "teacher-student," nothing more.
Chidi, you don't have to explain anything to me.
Whatever happened before I arrived is none of my business.
Hey, I'd love to see the rest of the neighborhood.
Uh, yes, it's it's incredible.
Um, there's an amazing library, there's a beautiful, - piranha-free lake.
- [laughs] Well, please, show me everything.
You ready, Eleanor? I've seen it all already.
You guys go ahead.
You'd rather be alone with him? Fire in the hole watch your heads, ladies.
My dudes tend to boomerang around the room.
Yeah, I mean, I don't need to walk around and nerd out about old books.
I'm good.
Okay.
Hey, a bunch of us are gonna go see "Spider-Man 2" tonight.
Do you want to come? They made a second "Spider-Man"? What is there left to say? Sure, whatever, I'm in.
Cool, okay, well, I'll get tickets for the eight of us, and you can just pay me back in cash.
So you can get all the points on your credit card, and the rest of us get screwed? - No way.
- No, it's just so we can all get tickets before they sell out.
Do you want to buy them? So you guys can never pay me back, and I'll be out like 80 bucks? Nice try.
I'll buy my own ticket.
The rest of the group can do whatever they want.
Where did she end up? Bought it with points, baby.
My points.
I think I need to find a new place to live.
- [electronic music] - Oh no, no, no, no.
Don't Don't All right.
Ha.
[sighs] Want a bump? No, thank you, I I don't use cocaine.
Oh, it's not cocaine, idiot.
We're snorting time.
Sorry you're snorting the concept of time? Yeah, it'll fork you up.
Yo, monk dude, you know how to tap a keg? - Karaoke time! - Whoo! Dana, baby, what do you wanna do? Okay, Mussolini's speech? Ooh, the Mel Gibson rant? - That's a classic.
- Classic Ooh, let's do - the Nixon Tapes that's my jam! - Yeah! [in Nixon's voice] "What you always have to "remember about the Irish is they get mean.
"Virtually every Irish I've known gets mean - when he drinks.
" - [cheering] Whoo! Michael, tell them to stop.
Oh, I think I made it pretty clear that I don't approve.
Hey, idiot.
Dance.
You got it.
[in Nixon's voice] "Oh, it's about damn time that the Jew in America realizes he's an American first and a Jew second.
" [laughs] I lighted him on fire, and he never spoke again.
You know, maybe I'm not as great as Real Eleanor, but I'm better than I used to be.
I'm medium-good.
Why haven't you forkers invented a medium place? Look, I know you've been trying to become a "better person," I mean, you didn't want to get caught.
I get it.
But I read your file You don't belong here.
I mean, she spent her weekends breaking up dog fighting rings.
You once saw a meter maid writing you a ticket, and you barked like a dog till she ran away.
I mean, honestly, you'll be happier in the Bad Place.
I mean, don't get me wrong, you'll be miserable.
We will torture you, but you'll also be happier because you won't have to keep trying to fit in somewhere you just don't belong.
[sighs] A'ight.
Let's go.
Okay, hold on, I have to ask: is this thing gonna happen? - You and me? - Ew, no, gross.
Okay, you know I had to ask, babe.
Oh, Tahani, I'm so sorry.
I will obviously clean all of this up.
I don't care about the house, Michael.
I'm just upset that you let them walk all over you.
I know they're the only thing in the Universe that scares me.
I know what I have to do.
I just have to be more accommodating.
Offer them everything they want, give in to all of their demands, and then they'll have to respect me.
No, you need to stand up for yourself.
I'm going to tell you the same thing that I told Mark Zuckerberg right before he ousted Eduardo Saverin.
You are smart, you are capable, and the time has come to hit "unfriend.
" I also told Mark to lose the "the".
Just "Facebook.
" That was me.
[coughs] [spits] [groans] Oh Oh, my head.
Here, drink this.
How am I hung over? I thought there were no hangovers here.
Well, the Bad Place Crew requested the hangover filter be turned off.
They like them.
So, Michael said we're meeting at Tahani's place in an hour for a negotiation session.
We'll walk over together? You don't have to come, man.
I'm good.
Just hang out with Real Eleanor and name constellations after each other, or whatever it is nerds do.
I'm fine on my own.
Yeah, Eleanor, just because we have a new guest in the house doesn't mean I'm not still gonna be there for you.
I'm in this.
We're a team.
So you've been temping for us for a year now, and we want to bring you aboard permanently.
We think you'd be a great addition to the team.
Yeah, no.
Uh, I'm good.
You're turning it down? I just don't think I'm really one of you guys.
You're all obsessed with this place, man.
You love working here and talking about working here, and you all hang out like some kind of cult.
We hang out after work because we're friends.
I know.
It's weird.
If this is how you really feel, I I think I have to fire you.
Severance pay.
Love it.
Good looking out, boss.
Peace! You need me to lie to old people and scare them into buying fake allergy medicine.
I get it, man.
Which one's my desk? That one, over there.
All you gotta do is hit your minimal sales target every week.
Cool.
And you guys don't have any lame, mandatory office hangouts, right? Hell no.
Some people go out for a drink after work, and I like to run the occasional group drill to see how fast we can shred evidence, but that's it.
Most days, you'll be able to avoid even talking to another person here.
Perfect.
Happy to be a part of the not-team.
It'll be a pleasure not hanging out with you.
All right, let's begin negotiations.
Now, we would like to discuss various trades that we could Oh, yeah, we're not negotiating.
See, Fake Eleanor and I, we bro-ed down pretty hard last night.
We hooked up.
No, we didn't.
Yeah, but who are they gonna believe me or a woman? [laughter] Point is she knows that she doesn't belong here, and she's giving up.
Is this true? Fake Eleanor, are you giving up? Yeah, of course she is.
She knows this place isn't for her.
Let's go, dingdong.
Come on.
No, I'm not leaving.
Oh, come on, sweetheart, we've been through this.
You know you don't belong here.
You're right.
I don't But I want to.
I used to never want to be a part of any group, but I'm a different person now because of the person who helped me, and I want to be like him.
I want to be like all the people who are here.
You can, Eleanor.
Thanks, Real Eleanor.
Hey, if you two aren't gonna make out, just shut up.
Look, if you don't come with us, we're gonna have to turn this matter over to Shawn.
Oh, oh, no, um, Shawn, really? Wha uh, who's Who's Shawn? He's the wise, eternal Judge who sits on high, has the final say on all disputes between our two realms.
And his name is "Shawn"? Okay, look, I don't want Shawn involved either, so how about you blow us away with an offer so we can end this.
Okay Here's my offer.
You get nothing.
We're not letting Fake Eleanor go, and we're not giving you anything.
Get him, Michael! You can summon every evil creature you have, every weapon in your arsenal, every four-headed flying bear they have them down there but we are not giving up.
I believe that Eleanor belongs in the Good Place.
If I'm wrong, you can take her to the Bad Place and punish her all you want, just really go to town on her.
Gah, gah, gah, easy, buddy, easy.
But she's staying here.
Now, all of you Get the fork out of my neighborhood.
[suspenseful music] [chuckles] You're on borrowed time, Fake Eleanor.
Enjoy it while it lasts.
Let's roll, dummies.
Let's get one drink for the road.
- Bye.
- Did you guys hear any of that? - [collective sigh of relief] - Oh, my Bravo, Michael, really.
[Tahani claps] Hello, Jianyu.
You got sloppy.
I found your junk food all over the house, and then, last night, you knew how to tap a keg.
So I thought I would come in here and investigate your little "meditation" den.
What I found was this.
Now, I don't know who you are, but I do know that you're not a Buddhist monk.
So let's chat, shall we?
 Number five is number one.
Number seven is number two.
Number three and number four are tied for number three.
What are you talking about? I'm ranking my favorite "Fast and the Furious" movies.
You said you wanted to know who I am, and this is the best way to get to know me.
No, it isn't.
You could tell me your real name, for starters.
My name is Jason Mendoza.
I'm from Florida.
And I'm a professional amateur DJ.
And is, uh, that a family member? I wish.
That's Ariana Grande, the sexiest woman alive.
You wish that you were related to a woman you want to have sex with.
You know what? It'd be one thing if you just weren't a Buddhist monk, but you're barely even a regular, functioning person.
How did you get here? I don't know, but, please, dawg, you can't tell Michael about me.
You have some nerve asking me for favors when you have spent weeks deceiving me, making a fool out of me, and bringing snack food into my house.
Disgusting.
Oh, Ariana, we're really in it now.
Shawn, the judge, could show up at any moment, so we need to have a rock-solid argument for why Fake Eleanor should not be sent to the Bad Place.
- Should be fun.
- That's the spirit! Don't even think about the fact that our slightest misstep could cause Fake Eleanor to suffer for eternity.
That's all I'm thinking about now.
Yep, shouldn't have said that.
Regretted it immediately.
Bambadjan was a human rights advocate, so he and Real Eleanor will build a sort of legal argument.
Um, ahem, could you please just say "Eleanor," and maybe point to whichever one of us you're addressing? Well, actually, the fake/real distinction helps me.
Oh, does it, Bambadjan? Now, I know a fair amount about your time on Earth.
Why don't you tell me about your time here? Anything that might help your case.
Well, in the first 24 hours, I caused the world to erupt into chaos, and then I caused a garbage storm.
It was kind of a rough start, but things calmed down after Chidi started helping me learn about ethics.
Okay, tell me about that.
Well, I studied with Chidi every day, and then Chidi got sick of me, so I did some nice stuff to make him feel better.
And later, I confessed because Chidi was being tortured by guilt, and I just felt awful seeing his little, nerdy face all contorted.
[as Chidi] Oh, Eleanor, I have a stomachache because of what you did.
[laughs] He is such a dork.
You know, a lot of death row inmates feel regret about things they never said admissions of guilt or anger or love.
Are you making a move on me? It's fine I just didn't see it coming.
Uh, well, hooking up with someone with the exact same name, it is kind of a fun, narcissistic fantasy - No, no, Eleanor, I I'm talking - I could be into it.
Mm, no, I'm talking about you and Chidi.
Now, ordinarily, you having feelings for my soul mate would be - a conflict of interest - Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You think I'm into Chidi? Yes, Eleanor, I do.
Because you are.
You mentioned his name nine times in the last ten minutes.
Nobody asked you, Bambadjan.
I'm not sure what will work with Shawn, but we should have all our bases covered.
Shall we start with the Greeks or would you prefer the modern British masters? Chidi? I'm sorry, choices are hard for me when I'm under pressure.
I know that, buddy, but we're short of time here, and it's kind of important for Eleanor.
Right, which is why I can't take this lightly.
What if I screw up? Listen, I don't need the Chidi who once had a panic attack during Rock-Paper-Scissors because there were, and I quote, "just too many variables.
" I need the Chidi who stormed in here and told me to stop Eleanor's train without thinking of consequences.
Oh, boy, now I'm nervous about that decision.
Retroactively? I mean, h how do you even? I don't know.
Okay, we have so many big choices to make.
Let's let's start small.
Do you want to use a dry erase board or the regular pen and paper? Just pick.
Chidi, just pick! Come on, Chidi, pick someone.
Don't pressure me, Uzo.
I have to consider all the factors.
Athletic strategies, the fragile egos of my classmates, and gender politics.
Should I pick a girl as a gesture towards women's equality, or or is that pandering? Or do I think it's pandering because of my limited male point of view? I'm vexed, Uzo, vexed.
You're always vexed.
Just pick.
Okay, fine, uh, I choose Tokunbo.
You can't draft the teacher.
Pick a kid.
all: Come on, Chidi.
Just pick someone.
[bell rings] Congratulations, Chidi.
You filibustered recess.
[sighs] No, no, no, you're wrong.
There are way more things I hate about Chidi than like about him.
Like what? His stupid Clark Kent glasses, his extensive turtleneck collection, oh, and he loves ethics so much.
He once talked about John Rawls for two hours I timed it.
And he only stopped because he saw me timing him.
Granted, he laughed, and kind of made fun of himself, it was a nice moment, but still.
He always twitches his eyebrows when he says "absolutism," and he tilts his head whenever I say anything ignorant, but he never makes fun of me, which is nice.
He's also incredibly patient, and kind, and surprisingly jacked, and, oh, fork, I'm in love with Chidi.
Let's take a little break.
I know this is awkward, but as your advocate, and, I hope, friend, I think you should tell Chidi how you feel.
Would a hug make you feel better? - No, I don't think that it would - Oh, too late, you're getting one.
Thanks, Bambadjan, that does make me feel better.
Mm-hmm.
Yet another lie.
You didn't paint this.
You got Janet to do it.
No, no, no, Chidi did it.
I got you an awesome painting, but then he switched it to this one because he said you'd like it more, and he made me memorize stuff to say to you so you wouldn't be so sad.
This is all his fault.
You should yell at him.
[scoffs] Chidi helped you make me happy.
It's almost as if he was trying to Oh, oh, my.
Of course.
This is the cool painting I made.
This guy's famous.
I mean, who even are those ladies? Yeah, it would be easier to sort out the issue of dry erase versus paper if I could write down the pros and cons for each, but, of course, I would have to use one of them to write down the pros and cons for them, which is problematic.
Wow.
[claps] Ethics team, how's it going? - Terribly.
- Cool.
Well, you guys are kind of my last hope, so that's not great.
- [groans] - Hey, do you mind if I borrow Professor Stomachache here for a second? Please, take him for an hour, take all the time you want.
Okay, sit down, maybe.
[clears throat] I dated many annoying guys, okay? They would call me all times of the day "just to talk" or ask me if I'd taken cash out of their wallets, stupid stuff.
And when I stopped having fun with them, I'd leave.
Usually wouldn't even call or anything.
I'd just bounce.
Gotta go spend that money you stole.
Point is, you are way more of a buzzkill than any of those dudes.
Okay, thanks for this conversation.
But, somehow, I never want to leave you.
I want to stay in the Good Place because of you.
Because I love you.
I think.
No, I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, I love you.
Ugh, that's embarrassing.
[laughs] I feel so itchy.
Sorry.
Don't say anything.
I just needed to get that off my chest.
Okay, I'm gonna go.
Catch you later, silly Billy.
Ugh, love has made me a nerd.
Bye.
Jianyu's a fake.
He's not supposed to be here.
Just like your "soul mate.
" More importantly, you did the ballerina painting 'cause you were trying to protect my feelings, because you love me.
Oh, Chidi, don't you see? This is the real mistake that was made in our neighborhood.
You and I are soul mates.
It makes so much sense.
- Oh, but - No, Chidi, true love is rare, like a desert flower betwixt two oases, but true love's also very simple.
And right now, I'm just a girl towering over a boy asking him to admit he loves me.
I feel like her confession of love was a lot better than mine.
Can I get a do-over? [light music] I need to step outside for some air, and I will not be back for many days.
Dude, you can't just run away.
You have to [sighs] It looks calm now, but the storm is imminent.
- We're - What's up, Carson Daly? My name is Jason.
I wanna give a shout-out to all my homies up in Jacksonville.
I am not Carson Daly.
I'm a weather reporter.
A hurricane is coming.
You need seek shelter.
- I'm on TV! - Okay.
- Hey, Janet? - [beep] Hi, there.
What are you watching? My greatest accomplishment ever.
I'm trying to cheer myself up because I'm sad.
I think I might be in big trouble.
Can you bring me something that will make me not-sad? Let me think.
[beep] - [beep] - Sorry that took so long.
Here you go.
Oh, dang.
Are these from my favorite restaurant, Stupid Nick's Wing Dump? Stupid Nick's closed down because a pelican fell in the flash fryer, but he opened a new place called Ugly Nick's Meat Trench.
These are an exact replica of that recipe.
Why are you so nice to me? Well, you were very nice to me while I was rebooting.
Also, I'm programmed to be nice to everyone.
Janet? I just realized something.
I love you.
Okay.
I have one more question for you.
So you also love Chidi, and you you just told him, just now, right before I did? Technically, you told him that he loves you, but yes.
[sighs] This isn't ideal.
We must remain civil.
He's simply going to have to pick one of us, and the loser will just have to accept her fate with grace and equanimity.
Maybe if you lose.
If he doesn't pick me, I'ma start throwing stuff.
Classy as always.
I suppose you knew that Jianyu was a fake, didn't you? Yes, I did.
Figured you two charlatans would sniff each other out like two mangy rats sharing a pizza crust in a sewer Okay no.
We're not gonna do this.
We are not gonna be those women who fight over a guy and find any excuse to rip each other apart.
I am not going to apologize for being angry.
You knew that my soul mate was lying to me.
Yes, I did, and I'm very sorry.
Listen, you and I have a weird, complicated, forked-up friendship, but it's our friendship, and I care about it.
Let's do something fun.
What would make you feel happy, right now? [with British accent] You have a fine home, Deirdre I absolutely adore your shares.
[with Cockney accent] I don't know bugger all about a shares I been using this as a bloody toilet, I have.
- [laughs] - What's this show called, again? It's "Deirdre and Margaret.
" It ran for 16 years on the BBC.
They did nearly 30 episodes.
It's about two women from very different worlds who become friends, sort of like us.
Oh, Deirdre, no! That's priceless art! I thought it was fruit, innit? [laughs] Deirdre.
I take it the moron is me? Well, it's not a direct parallel.
Okay, we did your thing.
Now it's my turn.
Are you ready to take our bonding to the next level? [light music] Oh, good, you're back.
Yeah, I, uh, I know we're short on time, but I need your help with a personal dilemma.
[sighs] This is about Fake Eleanor and Real Eleanor.
Yes, which person is my soul mate? Real Eleanor, that's what the system determined.
- Okay.
- Of course, the system did screw up by letting Fake Eleanor in.
You know, it's interesting.
Fake Eleanor being selected accidentally and then you bonding with her could have shifted the formula.
Right, it's one of those two people.
Well, I d I don't know.
I mean, the system might be so screwed up at this point that maybe you don't belong to either Eleanor.
[tense music] Oh - You is spreading - What? Your indecisiveness is infecting me like a virus.
Oh, Chidi, this could send us down a very dangerous path.
If you can't make a choice, this whole neighborhood could fall apart.
Okay, getting close here.
Just mulling the ethical ramifications of various soups.
Ah, same old Chidi.
I can come back for a fifth time.
Yeah, you know, maybe that's smart.
[laughs] How are you? Uzo, it's been too long.
It has, it has.
Look, as you know, Ellen and I are engaged.
You're my oldest friend, and I love you like a brother, and that's why I'd like you to not be my best man.
- Sorry? - Look, if you were my best man, you'd have to plan the bachelor party, decide what to say in your toast, handle problems that pop up the day of.
It would drive you up the wall.
Well, Uzo, this isn't choosing soccer teams on a playground.
When something's important to me, I can make a decision.
Watch.
Um, excuse me, excuse me.
I have decided I would like to unequivocally order the pumpkin soup.
Perfect.
You kind of want to change your order.
Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking.
- Excuse me, Risotto.
Risotto? - Yeah.
As much as I'm enjoying this, shouldn't we be working on your case to try and stay here? Honestly, how am I gonna help them? They are much smarter than me.
Now, hair extensions? This is where I shine.
You were already at almost-maximum hotness, but now you look like a sexy, tan Rapunzel.
Ugh, the dream.
And how exactly did you learn how to do this? When I was 14, I had to make myself look older to get a job.
These were the ones I used, and they are real cheap.
You're gonna want to stay away from open flames and altercations at outlet malls.
[laughs] Hey I'm really sorry that I didn't tell you about Jianyu and that you got saddled with him.
Yes, that is regrettable, but I forgive you.
[laughs] Maybe you two are soul mates.
[both chuckle] [suspenseful music] Holy shirt.
Maybe we are.
I know it seems crazy, but but think about it: Jianyu is a hot dummy, definitely my type.
We both love to dance, we were both banned from public transit systems in our cities.
I think this is the answer.
People come in pairs here, and if the system paired us up, then maybe somehow I do belong here with him.
- [beep] - Hi, there.
Jason and I are getting married in ten minutes, and you're invited.
[quirky music] Here, we've got your soul mate options: Eleanor, Real Eleanor, and a theoretical third person.
Let's call her strawberry mango twist.
Okay, close your eyes.
Think about each of the women.
Open your eyes.
The answer is Real Eleanor.
- How do you know? - I don't, but the minute I said that, you knew instinctively whether it felt right.
Well, hang on, let me think about that.
- No, no.
- Because it No more thinking, Chidi.
Just do something.
Indecision caused you so much agony in your life, right up to the very end.
I had a little trouble writing my speech.
Um I wrote 11 different versions.
Wedding's in 20 minutes, buddy.
Oh, boy, I mean, these run about 55 minutes a piece.
I'm really hot.
Is this air conditioner even working? Yes, it is.
You're just having a literal meltdown.
Also, you're not dressed yet, and we haven't picked up the rings.
Okay, well, uh, there's an issue there involving what I consider to be unfair labor practices - on the part of the jeweler.
- And we never had a bachelor party because you could never settle on a location or time.
I'm sorry, you were right.
This is too much for me.
You should just leave me here and go get married.
Yeah, here's the thing, bud: my wedding isn't for another month.
This was a test to see if you could handle being my best man, and, just as I predicted, you failed, miserably.
Oh, no.
No, I mean, I'm I'm relieved, but this is embarrassing.
It's okay, bud.
Obviously, I prepared for this.
Let's just go have a nice night.
I'll buy you a beer.
30 minutes, Chidi? We have been trying to pick a bar for 30 minutes.
It is literally impossible to be your friend.
You're incapable of making a single decision.
Look, I know I can be indecisive, but what's the harm in taking a few extra minutes to find the perfect [clang] [dramatic music] Chidi? You're right.
I just need to make a decision.
I'm gonna look each of these women in the eye, trust my gut, and figure out how I feel.
You're kidding.
That worked? Great! Go do it! Ha! Man on speaker: Ladies and gentlemen, let's get ready to married.
[electronic music playing] Yo, check it.
[laughs] This is great.
At different moments during our time here, we both thought that Tragic Mike over here was our one true love, and now he is marrying whatever Janet is.
I suppose you're right.
It is a bit strange.
I'd like to read a poem.
"Janet, my digital queen.
"Janet, we can dare to dream.
Send nude pics of your heart to me.
" - [gags] - "Jacksonville Jaguars rule!" Jason, when I was rebooted, and I lost all my knowledge, I was confused and disoriented, but you were always kind to me.
And according to the central theme of 231,600 songs, movies, poems, and novels that I researched for these vows in the last three seconds, that's what love's all about.
Does anybody here object to this marriage? - Of course we do how could - Yes, it is a terrible idea.
- we not object? - Overruled.
- Jason? - Mm-hmm? Do you want me to be your wife? - Yeah.
- I want you to be my husband.
- Tight.
- So, by the power vested in me, by me, I now pronounce us husband and wife.
- We did it! - [laughs] Can I kiss you, or will I be electrocuted? Only one way to find out.
Whoo, get some! Got get it, girl! I'm just going with it now.
[laughter] ["At Last" by Etta James playing] It's funny I was devastated when I found out that he wasn't my soul mate, but now I think I've dodged a bullet.
He's a simple man.
I once watched him eat electrical tape right off the roll.
He thought it was a Fruit by the Foot that had gone bad.
Thank you for being such a great friend to me today.
'Course, hot stuff.
I got your back.
Eleanor, hey, I just wanted to see if you'd talked to Chidi.
Uh, yeah, I did.
I mean, you don't have to tell me what you said.
I just wanted to see if you're okay.
Oh, man, you are a good person.
I swear, if I had known you and Tahani and Chidi on Earth, I might have for real gotten into the Good Place.
Oh, hey, it's my three favorite yogurts.
Hey, um, about what happened earlier I've been kind of all over the place today.
An hour ago, I thought Jianyu was my soul mate, and the fact that that kind of made sense means you and I could never be meant for each other.
Plus, Jianyu's married to Janet now.
Okay.
What? I do love you, but I think more in a best friend afterlife savior kind of way.
I'm not so much "hot for teacher" as I am "eternally grateful for semi-cute, surprisingly ripped teacher.
" Chidi, I also have to apologize.
It's just that when I found out that Jianyu wasn't my soul mate, I-I desperately needed something to keep me afloat, and, well, you were the nearest lifeboat, as it were.
And yes, we do have the sort of connection that only two highly educated, sophisticates could have, but it's not true love.
True love is what Janet and Jianyu have.
Yeah.
What? Oh, we would love to stay and chat, but we need to find Michael.
Eleanor, I think I figured out a way for you to stay.
- [gasps] - Really? I I'll come too.
["Digital Get Down" by 'N Sync playing] Digital digital get down - Just you and me - What?
 Now, I'm about to show you some very sensitive information.
The final point totals each of you achieved for all your actions on Earth.
[ping] Whoa, your point total was crazy high, Eleanor.
[laughs] Oh, sorry, "Crazy High Eleanor" was my nickname in college.
I accidentally saw these point totals when Michael was fixing the sinkhole.
It gave me an idea.
We will apply the formula to Eleanor's actions here in the Good Place, and if you earn enough new points, then we could argue that you should stay here.
- Would that work? - Don't know, never had to prove someone belonged here before.
But the judge will be here soon, and this is the best way to build our case.
Now, the average point total for a resident here is roughly 1.
2 million.
Right now, based on everything that you did on Earth, you have -4,008.
That's not great, but I'm gonna do nice things for every goober in this place until my point total is so high I can rub it in all their smug faces.
- [beep] - You just lost five points.
Hello! Hi, how are you? There has to be something bigger I can do than holding the door and waving.
There's no way every Walmart greeter is in the Good Place.
Wal mart? It's a place regular people go.
- You haven't heard of it.
- Look, I know this is tedious, but holding a door for someone is three points, and if you do it for everyone in the neighborhood, then that's almost a thousand points for just a start.
Besides, all the big ticket items are impossible, I'm afraid.
It's not as if you could, you know, "sacrifice your life to save others" or "change the consciousness of a nation.
" Both of which I did, by the way.
Such fun.
Have a wonderful day.
This is pointless.
The ticker isn't even going up, and everyone's giving me the stink eye.
Eleanor, everyone hates you.
Well, fork you too.
No, this is good.
Now that we know, we can actually do something about it.
And I am an expert at mediating conflict, like when my friends Scary, Sporty, Posh, and Baby had an issue with my other friend Archbishop Desmond Tutu.
Yeah, I don't know what I love more about our morning hardboiled egg routine, the eggs or the routine.
[laughs] Um, actually, this morning, there's a little surprise in yours.
[gasps] "I love you.
" How cute.
I love you too, egg.
Oh, no, no, Chidi, that that's me saying that to you.
I love you.
Ohh.
Well, that is something.
I know you've gone through a lot, and now I'm throwing this at you, but I just I had to tell you how I feel.
I love you.
No need to respond.
- Great.
- Well, at some point, you'll respond, right? I just meant no rush.
You wanna talk about eggs again? [laughs] Hmm, this isn't right.
I'm sorry, I've never kissed anyone before.
Is one tongue okay? I can add more tongues.
No, that's not it.
We're married now, but we still haven't told your dad.
Once again, Michael is not my dad, and we shouldn't tell him.
If Michael finds out that we're married, then he'll know you're not Tahani's soul mate, and then he'll know that you're really Jason and not Jianyu.
He'd send you to the Bad Place.
Mm, I don't want to lose you, girl.
- I'm not a girl.
- But also, I'm tired of living a lie.
We gotta go public.
I hate all this hiding.
I want us to have the life we deserve.
[poignant music] Pillboi, let's talk big picture.
You know I love Jacksonville.
J-town.
It's easily one of the top ten swamp cities in northeastern Florida, but if we're gonna make it in the DJ game, we gotta get to Miami.
Miami's expensive.
We just don't got that skrilla, B.
I mean, I got ten bucks to my name, and I spent eight of it on this burrito, and the other two on guac.
I know what we gotta do.
We're gonna rob this restaurant.
Great idea! What if we get caught? We'll just get married so that no one can testify against us.
Dope.
Yo.
I got diarrhea.
I'll be right back.
Me too.
I'll race you.
[laughter] both: Best friends! Thank you all for participating in our focus group for Fake Eleanor.
Think of this as an open forum for you to air any and all grievances that you may carry against her.
I was flying on the second day, and when you caused the trash storm, I crashed into a rotting turkey carcass, and it exploded.
- Oh, dear.
- All this cartilage and bone got tangled up in my hair, and its skin was all over my skin.
I didn't know where I ended and the turkey carcass began.
Well, if it makes you feel any better, your skin looks amazing.
My caf got destroyed by the giant frog, then I reopened it and it fell into the sinkhole.
Just like me, I fell in too.
Who else feels that Eleanor has ruined every moment of your existence since you arrived? Excellent.
I must confer with Eleanor for a tick, so please, just enjoy the lemonade and cookies.
It seems everyone's problem with me is me.
Yes, it would appear that way.
The last moment they were happy was at my party.
We have to recreate that party.
We have to take them back to that night before I started affecting the neighborhood and give them a fresh start.
Yes, of course.
We must throw the perfect party, or else you'll be tortured by demons forever.
This will be the fourth most important party I have ever thrown.
Janet, there you are.
Some residents are complaining that you're not responding I'm sorry, what's going on? Is that a a wedding ring? Yes.
I'm married.
- To whom? - Sorry, my protocol forbids me from telling you any private information about any resident.
Is it that person? Jianyu, the man standing right there also wearing a wedding band? Dad we need to talk.
[tense music] I just want to make sure that I have this right.
Um Jianyu is not a Taiwanese monk, but rather someone named Jason Mendoza, a failed DJ from Jacksonville, Florida.
I wasn't a failed DJ.
I was pre-successful.
And you two are married.
Hells yeah, homie.
We love each other.
She makes the bass drop in my heart.
And Jason is a person who was near me, and then he asked me to marry him, and there is nothing in my protocol that specifically barred that from happening.
- So I agreed.
- Love you too, babe.
Janet.
Please tell me how this could have happened.
Unclear.
As you know, each time I am updated, I accrue new knowledge and abilities.
My suspicion is that when I was rebooted, I bonded with Jason in a way that I have never bonded with anyone before.
I seem to have gained a new understanding of love.
I also learned how to do this.
I will speak to you later.
Go to your void.
- Okay.
- [beep] - No, Janet, come back! - [beep] - Hi there.
- Go.
- Sure thing.
- [beep] - No! - Stop doing that.
- [beep] - Me? - Go! - Good-bye.
- Janet, come back.
- I love you.
I love you too.
[quirky music] That is Sachveer, and his problem with me is Oh, one of the giraffes tried to hump him.
[laughs] It's gonna be hard to keep a straight face tonight.
Hey, can I ask your advice on something? Are you sure, dude? Isn't there someone else better you could ask, like literally anyone else? Well, it's a sensitive matter, and you you do know me pretty well.
So here it is: Real Eleanor said she loves me.
Hey, man, nice pull.
She's a great person.
I don't know what to do.
I mean, we are soul mates, so I probably do love her, but then again, how do I know if my motivation is correct? Maybe I think I'm supposed to love her, but if I tell her that I love her for the wrong reasons, it won't mean anything.
You have a tendency to over-think things.
Turn off that giant brain, and just say you love her too.
- You think? - If this were some random person you hooked up with at a Diamondbacks game in the parking lot behind the port-a-potties not based on a real example I would say keep mulling, but this is your soul mate.
She's Universe-approved.
Tell her you love her.
[beep] Hey, your score just went up 20 points.
Yeah, 'cause I give great advice.
Now maybe you'll finally listen to me and take off those glasses.
We are in the afterlife, dummy, nature's Lasik.
Okay.
I think I figured this out.
There is a real Jianyu, a Taiwanese monk who took an oath of silence at the age of eight.
But, three months ago, he went into such a deep meditative state that he registered as dead, and when you died at that exact same moment, our system mistook you for him.
Perhaps because you share the exact same IQ.
- Cool.
- No, not cool.
He stopped learning at the age of seven.
Okay, so, now, this is sort of a quick litmus test, basic questions designed to tell whether you were fundamentally good or bad.
Number one: Did you ever commit a serious crime? Yes, I blew up a guy's speedboat after he sued me.
[ding] And I stole an old lady's fake leg once on a dare.
[ding] Did you ever have a personalized license plate? Yeah, dawg.
- "I LUV BUTTS".
- [ding] Have have you ever paid money to hear music performed by California funk rock band the Red Hot Chili Peppers? Yo, the Chilis? I saw them in concert like 50 times.
- [ding] - I once got arrested trying to steal Flea's bass guitar.
[ding] Oh, that was another serious crime I committed.
I should have mentioned that earlier.
- [beep] - Is it just me, or am I acing this test? Oh, this is bad.
Oh, this is so, so bad.
Oh, I thought I had everything under control when I found Eleanor, but somehow you are you're so much worse.
No, don't don't touch Oh How does that still work? Everything's gonna be fine, homie.
I promise.
[light music] I don't know, B.
What if it doesn't work? Hey, we thought of everything except for an alibi and an escape route, but we'll figure it out as we go.
You don't wanna over-think these things.
- I'm kinda freaking out here.
- Pillboi, I got you.
This plan is foolproof.
And when it's over, we can finally have the lives we deserve.
DiGiorno! I am a safe installer here to install-a da safe.
So just a-point to where the guacamole money is, and I'll-a install-a da safe-a in da, how you say, a-place? [phone dialing] Yeah, hi, we're being robbed.
J, they're on to us, man.
His hat's a golf ball, and he's a got a terrible mustache.
We need to get married now.
I do, for always and forever.
I do! Eleanor, for an utter novice, you have thrown a lovely party.
Well, thanks, but it's not working.
Not one more point.
What the fork? Oh, look, Michael's here.
He can help.
Michael, would you do us the honor of saying a few words? I don't know that I'm in the right frame of mind.
Please, they'll listen to you.
Just pay me a few compliments.
You know, I'm great, heart of a champion, basically your muse, you get it.
[party chatter] Attention, everyone.
Michael would like to say a few words.
Hello, everyone.
Good to see you all here, mingling around with your various secrets.
Who really knows which of you are who you say you are? No way to know unless I pull your skeletons out, right? Okay.
Take her easy.
Yes, well said.
Now, we shall hear from tonight's featured guest.
She's kind, she's humble, she's the Walmart of friends.
Did I use that word right? Eleanor Shellstrop.
[sparse applause] Hi, everyone, I'm Eleanor.
Original flavor, not new and improved.
I know a lot of bad stuff has happened because of me, but I never meant to hurt you, so if I caused you any harm, I'm truly sorry.
That's nice, Eleanor, but I still crashed into a turkey carcass.
And I fell into a sinkhole.
And my dog got kicked into the sun.
What can you possibly say to us that'll make up for your actions? Pobody's nerfect? [chuckles] [chuckling spreads] "Pobody's nerfect"? That's hilarious.
Like "nobody's perfect," but the letters switched.
- That's very funny.
- It's nerfect! [all laughing] [quirky music] Eleanor, great job tonight.
Have you checked the, uh, the ticker? I could really use some good news.
Okay.
[exhales] Gah, come on.
Well, the nightmare continues.
The nightmare continues.
How did this not work? There's no way to increase my point total because everything I'm doing is out of self-preservation.
- I don't understand.
- My motivation is corrupt.
Even when I do nice things, I'm only doing them so I can get something out of it, the ability to stay here, which means none of this had any real moral value.
It doesn't count.
Holy shirt.
I know what I have to do.
Okay, I am almost done with these personalized "I'm sorry" notes to everyone in the neighborhood.
I need you guys to deliver everyone their notes, along with those T-shirts.
Well, granted, these are hilarious, but how is this going to help? Just trust me.
I'm gonna get the points.
[quirky music] Oh, good morning, Dad.
Where you been? Oh, just walking around, contemplating my failure, wishing for the sweet release of eternal extinction.
Cool.
Hey, um why don't you want me to see Janet? I'm a good guy.
All I want is to give Janet the life she deserves.
Janet is not built for human life, and I'm not sure you're much of a provider.
Do you even remember how you died? No, not really.
It's a little fuzzy.
You and your friend Pillboi were trying to rob a restaurant.
Pillboi! And then the cops showed up.
So the plan was to pretend to install a safe with your friend hiding inside it.
He pops out, steals the money from the restaurant, gets back in the safe, then you come in and uninstall it.
I refuse to discuss my fifth amendment rights until I concur with your attorney.
Sure.
Look, we found your buddy's plans.
We know he was the brains.
You were just an accomplice.
If you're lucky, you might get probation.
- Jason going to jail? - No, man.
Jason's dead.
He suffocated in that safe.
There were no air holes.
Plus he did a bunch of whippits while he was in there, which couldn't have helped.
At least he died doing what he loved a bunch of whippits.
Now he's never gonna get the life he truly deserved.
Eh, I think he got roughly what he deserved.
I suffocated to death in in a safe? I'm a moron.
Hey hey, Janet? - [beep] - Hi, there.
- Janet, you need to leave me.
- Why? You're the smartest girl in the world - I'm not a girl.
- And your dad is an angel.
I mean, what a family.
I'm just a dope who died in a safe with a snorkel who's only now realizing why that didn't work.
You should be with someone better.
I don't deserve you.
Jason, you are all that I care about, possibly because I did not have the capacity to care about anything before you.
I love you.
Also, interesting sidenote, I think I might hate things now, too.
So far, it's genocide and leggings as pants.
This is nuts.
Just weighing in over here.
This is bonkers.
Okay, I have to go reboot Janet.
- Why? - It's the only thing I can think of to do to get rid of this glitch.
Yo, who you calling a glitch? It means "error," Jason, which is what this is.
Oh, really? Is it an error to act unpredictably and behave in ways that run counter to how you were programmed to behave? Yes.
Now, you two sit tight.
I'm gonna go murder Janet, and I'll be right back.
Look on the bright side.
When you're rebooted, I can teach you all the Dorito flavors again.
No.
I'm not starting over.
What if he reboots me, and we fall out of love? We have to get out of here right now.
Where do you suppose she is? I hope she's okay.
You know, the more I work on her case, the more I think she truly belongs here.
I'm I'm sorry that I haven't been able to say what you want me to say, because I-I do want to say it.
What's holding you back? Honestly, my biggest fear is just making sure that my motivation for saying it Chidi? - Wow.
- How did she suddenly? Her motivation changed.
She couldn't earn enough points by apologizing to everyone here because she was only doing it to earn enough points to stay here.
But she did earn enough points, which means that she's decided not to stay here, - which means - That she's leaving.
[tense music] Oh, hey, Janet.
I was just about to call you to ask you to get me a train to the Bad Place.
- Whoa, what? - You have to be a good person to stay here, and I can't become a good person unless I leave.
You don't belong here, Jason doesn't belong here, and now that I can think and feel, I don't belong here either.
- Where are you going with this? - There is a woman named Mindy St.
Clair who lives in a neutral zone by herself.
It's neither a Good Place nor a Bad Place.
A Medium Place? Dude, that's where I belong.
I've been saying that since day one.
It's where Jason and I are going.
Would you like to come with us to Mindy's house? Yeah.
Let's go hang with Mindy.
That sounds great.
Love her, huge fan.
Call the train.
Look, there it is now.
[brakes squealing] I did not call that train.
That train belongs to Shawn, the judge, who's coming here to judge you.
Can you make that train go to Mindy's house? - Yep.
- Then we have to go right now.
I just have to run home real quick and hit save on the Madden game I was playing because Blake Bortles has, like, 300 yards passing in the first half [hissing] [tense music] Shawn.
Ooh.
- Michael.
- Sorry I wasn't here to greet you.
I, uh, had something I needed to tend to, but it can wait, it can wait.
[beeping] Okay, I've hacked into the mainframe.
- [sighs] - Kidding.
[laughs] I can't hack into the mainframe.
Technically, I am the mainframe.
Would you just hurry up? I'm here to rule on the fate of Fake Eleanor Shellstrop.
Yes, yes, um, I think we have a rock solid case for Fake Eleanor.
I truly believe she's a good person.
- [train chugging] - Are you sure? Because I believe she's stealing my train.
I'm sorry, Michael.
Sorry, everyone.
[quirky music] Well not great for my case.
And now The end is near And so I face The final curtain - Ow! What the hell? - Walk it off, Lululemon.
I'll say it clear I'll state my case Of which I'm certain I've lived A life that's full I traveled each and "Live every day like it's your last.
" Bite me.
I'ma live forever, bitch.
Ma'am? It's $132.
21.
So, big plans this weekend? Yep.
I'm gonna sit alone in my house watching wedding fails on YouTube, drinking margaritas through a Twizzlers straw until I pass out on top of my vibrator.
Hi there.
Do you have a second to talk about the environment? No.
Buzz off, whale-humper.
You know, I see you here all the time, and you're always mean to me, and it really hurts my feelings.
It does? Because the minute you're out of my line of sight, I literally forget you exist.
Watch.
You exist.
You don't exist.
You're bothering me.
Don't care if you die.
- See? - Why are you like this? Excuse me? Why am I like this? You don't know me, dude.
You don't know what I'm like.
Look what you made me do, jag-off.
- And did it my - Oh, my God, look out! - Uh-oh.
- Way [inhales sharply] Oh, good, you're awake.
Can I ask you a question about where we're going? Sure.
Where are we going? I forgot.
We're going somewhere that's not the Good Place, and it's not the Bad Place.
We're going to a Medium Place.
Hmm, is there a 7-Eleven on the way? 'Cause Janet's powers aren't working, and I want some gum and some football cards and some scratchy tickets.
- Go away from me.
- Okay.
Can this train go any faster, Janet? No pressure, but Jason and I will literally be tortured for all of eternity if we get caught.
Don't worry, there's no way to tell we're going to Mindy St.
Clair's house.
It'll be our sexy little secret.
Jason taught me about sexy things.
Oh, yeah? What things did he say were sexy? Lamborghinis, cool snakes, spinning rims, 20,000 followers on Instagram, girls with pigtails eating lollipops, latex pants, Carl's Jr.
ads, and sex.
Eh, some of those are right.
I'm here to preside over case #00003 regarding the soul of Eleanor Shellstrop.
The Bad Place has sent Bad Janet to present their argument.
[tone chimes] What up, ding-dongs? Yeah, so basically, um, the Fake Eleanor's a dirt bag, and these jabronis are gonna try and claim she's less of a dirt bag now, but she just stole your train, and she still sucks bad.
And she belongs with us.
Oh, also, check this out.
[farting] - Nailed it.
- [tone chimes] I've ruled the fart inadmissible as evidence.
What I will consider is the recent development - of Eleanor stealing my train.
- Now, hold on a second.
She stole your train to voluntarily go down to the Bad Place.
She was sacrificing herself because she is a wonderful, selfless - [crunching] - No, don't oh! - What's happening? - I should have warned you.
Shawn only cares about cold hard facts.
If he detects any feelings in your voice, he retreats into a cocoon, so what we need to do now is just be very still and very quiet.
[suspenseful music] [crunching] - Finally.
- [crunching] - Oh, come - What did he just say? Oh, because you're all so perfect.
[suspenseful music] Wow.
So where does this Mindy St.
Clair live? I don't know.
I'm out of range of our neighborhood.
I don't have any - of my normal abilities here.
- Perfect.
[sighs] Well, let's try this way.
Ooh, I've never had to walk before.
This is fun.
Now I'm bored.
Walking is dumb.
[light music] [hawk screeches] Well, given that she's the only person in the neighborhood, I'm guessing this is the pl Oh! She's naked! - [screams] - Oh, sorry! - [screams] - [yells] - [screams] - [yells] Who are you? I'm Janet.
Hello, Mindy.
My name is Beadie.
I'm from the Good Place, and welcome to your first day - in the afterlife.
- What's up, idiot? Sorry I'm late, babe.
Hey, are you pregnant? - That's not possible.
- Congrats.
Yeah, so, Mindy, look.
You mostly sucked, but then you did this one good thing.
I mean, I still think we should get you They didn't, but neither did we.
A compromise was made: the neighborhood you are in now by yourself.
You submitted a list of things you wanted; the Good Place provided those things.
Yeah, and the Bad Place made some modifications.
We got you your favorite beer.
Yeah, but it's always warm.
On your jukebox, you'll find every song ever sung.
Yeah, by The Eagles, and it's only the live versions.
Also, there's some spoken word poetry from William Shatner.
It's deeply terrible.
You get the idea.
Welcome to eternal mediocrity.
- Welcome to the Medium Place.
- So what's up? What's your deal? Are you single? - What's going on? - [static crackles] Sorry about before.
One of the perks of living alone is that I get to just walk around naked.
[laughs] My kind of gal.
And I gotta say, you keep it tight.
Oh, that is the nicest and only thing anyone has said to me in 30 years.
So tell us everything.
I mean, what did you do - to end up here? - That's kind of a long story.
- Gonna need a drink or three.
- Definitely my kind of gal.
You guys have fun.
This is me and Janet's honeymoon, so we're gonna go try and figure out how to have sex.
So I was a hotshot corporate lawyer in the 1980s.
I only cared about making money and doing cocaine.
One night, I had an epiphany, right? I needed to do something good with my life.
So I drew up plans for this foundation that would help kids all over the world, would advance human rights, revolutionize agriculture, and just improve every nation and every society in every possible way.
- You were pretty coked-up, huh? - Oh, yeah, man, I was flying high.
It was so awesome.
But you're not gonna believe this I followed through.
Yeah, I woke up the next morning, I went straight to the bank, I withdrew my life savings, and I was gonna start - that charity.
- Good for you! And then I immediately fell into subway tracks and was electrocuted by the third rail.
- Ooh - Honestly, not the type of rail I thought was gonna kill me [chuckles] 'Cause I love cocaine.
[laughs] Do you have any? I'm just I shouldn't Do you? - No.
- Oh, yeah.
I mean, I was just I was just kidding.
It was just a joke.
I mean, who would want to do cocaine right now? - Are you okay? - Anyway, so after I died, uh, my sister found my plan, and she used my money to start the Mindy St.
Clair Rescue Alliance, yeah.
It's actually the largest relief aid charity in the world.
Oh, so the question was, did you get credit for all those good person points or not? Exactly.
I don't know how long my case was pending or whatever, but when I woke up, the two sides had been fighting about me for a long time.
[chuckles] Like a stripper over that last bump of coke at the party, if you know what I mean.
But anyway, they finally came to this compromise, you know? Well, it beats being tortured.
I was about to turn myself in.
No.
Yeah, there's no time for that morality nonsense, sweetheart.
This is about survival.
You gotta look out for number one.
Right, well, we don't have proof that it doesn't cure Alzheimer's.
Eleanor, we've got a surprise for you.
Yeah, thanks, but I brought my own cake.
Oh, I know you've only worked here a few weeks, but we have this little office tradition where we all pitch in, and then we Yeah, no, I get it.
It's just, I know what kind of cake I like.
Plus, it's Lisa's birthday next week, and if I let you give me a cake, that means I gotta pitch in to get Lisa a cake and sing to her and wear one of those dumb hats you all are wearing right now.
No, thanks.
This way, I don't owe you anything, you don't owe me anything.
Later.
What were we talking about? What is her deal? Why is she like this? I don't know, but the meaner she is, the more it turns me on.
Is that weird? - You're my boss.
- Oh, say that to me again, but more disgusted with me, like I'm a worm.
Eleanor was supposed to be in the Bad Place, arrived here by accident, assumed another person's identity, and has now escaped.
Is that the whole story? Well, no.
Someone else was sent here by mistake.
His name is Jason Mendoza, and I believe he's on the train with Eleanor.
- You knew about Jason? - Yes, I know that he's a fake and that he's married to Janet and that this entire neighborhood is What's the human expression? Ah, yes, a smokin' hot turd.
I will deal with Jason Mendoza later.
For now, I will hear your arguments for why Fake Eleanor Shellstrop should stay in the Good Place.
We can do this, but we must remain emotionless.
I'm talking "Kristen Stewart on a red carpet" level of emotionless here, all right? Begin.
[deadpan] Eleanor dedicated herself to the study of ethics.
I was blown away by her capacity for self-improvement.
[deadpan] Eleanor is a magnificent person who has grown tremendously in her time here.
[deadpan] Please, I'm begging you, please.
[deadpan] Voluntarily heading to the Bad Place proves that she is a selfless person.
Sorry.
I'm getting choked up.
Yes, voluntarily sacrificing herself and heading to the Bad Place would be a point in her favor.
However, I've just received word that Eleanor is not currently in the Bad Place.
We have no idea where she is.
- Well, what the - What? - Fork! - [crunching] I will now review Eleanor's memories.
Her memories? As in, all the things - she's done on Earth? - Mm-hmm.
But perhaps we could take a little break first.
You know, we've been at it for a while, and you must be tired.
I've been asleep in goo for the last 29 years, so I'm good.
Call up the screen for Fake Eleanor Shellstrop, please.
Where should we begin, "Waiters Screamed At" or "Cyberbullying of Pregnant Woman from Spin Class"? [melancholy music] [door closes] Hey, you wanna grab a drink or something? Uh, no, I kind of have my own private time routine.
I thought you'd want company after being here alone for so long.
- No.
- Okay, I get it.
Hey, uh, where did you get that? That's not one of my books.
I only have Anne Rice vampire novels with water stains, and I've cut words out of most of them to make pornography.
My friend in the Good Place gave it to me when he was teaching me ethics.
It reminds me of him.
Look, if you wanna survive, you have to forget what you left behind.
Take that whole experience, crumple it up, throw it in the garbage can.
Okay.
Instead of reading, I will watch this VHS copy of "Cannonball Run II.
" Or maybe "The Making of 'Cannonball Run II.
'" Wow.
Very medium.
Yeah.
Hey, you two lovebirds figure out how to have sex yet? No.
We tried for two hours, but there was just a lot of, like, bumping into each other.
It was weird.
[speaking Spanish] [air horn blares] This ain't your bar mitzvah anymore, bitch.
It's my 24th birthday! What! Hot tiara, girl.
[air horn blares] That was "The Crashing and Subsequent Destruction of Vanessa Garcia's Quinceaera.
" Let's move on to another event.
"Heckling of Mall Santas"? "Lifetime Ban from Build-a-Bear Workshop"? "Brief Instagram Flirtation with Kid Rock"? Oh, no.
This is getting away from us.
We need to do something quickly.
Yeah, uh, Judge, request permission to speak somewhat emotionally? Ugh.
Fine.
Dramamine.
Helps with the nausea.
Proceed.
Okay, look, I know, obviously, these memories aren't great.
I was particularly disturbed by "Started Fire in Mailbox to Get Mailman to Take Off Shirt," but that was the old Eleanor.
She changed.
She worked and she studied and she got better.
And it wasn't just self-preservation, it was real self-improvement.
I made the decision to help Eleanor that first week, and I'm glad I did.
Because she's worth it.
I, too, helped Eleanor.
Not as much as Chidi, surely, but my help was more friendship and sorely needed fashion advice.
Eleanor deserves to stay.
Thank you for these testimonials.
A ruling has been reached.
Oh, you want to hear it.
I forgot how needy humans are.
[clears throat] Eleanor Shellstrop is a bad person.
The progress she has made does not offset her actions on Earth.
She deserves to be in the Bad Place.
- Oh! - As concerning Jason Mendoza, I have heard no statements nor seen any evidence to suggest oh, he's from Florida? Yeah, he belongs in the Bad Place.
No, but how do you intend to enforce this ruling? You have no idea where they are.
Bad Janet? - [tone chimes] - What's up, fork nuts? Engage walkie-talkie protocol.
[electronic warbling] What if you're here, and I'm like this? Yes, that may work.
[beeping, electronic blaring] Whoa, what is happening? Is she having an orgasm? Did I do it somehow? Attention Eleanor Shellstrop and Jason Mendoza.
This is the Almighty Judge on High of All Beings Living and Dead for All Eternity.
My name's Shawn.
We do not know where you are but hope you are receiving this message.
You have been found to be the rightful property of the Bad Place.
Either return to your original neighborhood, or your accomplices Chidi Anagonye and Tahani Al-Jamil will go to the Bad Place in your stead.
- What? - What? You have four hours.
Good-bye.
Your Honor, please, Chidi and Tahani are completely innocent.
They are not completely innocent.
They told me so themselves.
They aided and abetted two criminals, one of whom was a DJ.
They're gonna send Chidi and Tahani to the Bad Place? We're off the hook, this is amazing! Babe, we are going to be trying to make love all night long.
We don't have to go back, though.
- they just said.
- We can't let Tahani and Chidi go to the Bad Place.
They're our friends.
- We literally owe it to them.
- If they're really our "friends," then why aren't they here with us right "now"? Because we ran away.
Are you Does your brain work, actually? Do you have a functioning head? I think he has a good point.
I wouldn't go back for those turkeys.
How can you say that? Think practically here.
Okay, you go back, you turn yourself in, you get sent to the Bad Place, and you never see your friends again.
Or you stay here, you're safe from the Bad Place, and you never see your friends again.
It's the same results, except if you stay here, you don't get tortured.
- But they do.
- That's their problem.
Your problem is whether you get tortured.
Now if you'll excuse me, it's my masturbating time.
When isn't it? We're going back.
- But - Now.
[dramatic music] Can we even make it there in time? I believe so, though it'll be close.
- Where's Jason? - Heads up! Sorry, Eleanor, but I can't let us leave.
[slow motion] Bortles! [dramatic music] No! [clink] What are you doing, you goon? Trying to blow up the train.
Blowing stuff up got me out of so many jams on Earth.
Let me try again.
Do do you have another bottle? Hi there, since there's no Janet here to serve you, I brought you two a little treat.
- Ah, kind of like a last meal.
- Not like a last meal, just, uh, the final food you might ever eat.
I'm gonna miss these little perks when I'm down in the Bad Place, being forced to wear a a knock-off handbag and drink tap water.
- That's what you think hell is? - Ugh.
Janet, please, we have to go.
I won't start the train until my husband says it's okay.
I'm sorry, Eleanor, but I engaged a ride-or-die protocol so I'm loyal to Jason forever.
Buddy Come on, we gotta go.
I don't wanna go to the Bad Place.
It's scary, like the movie "Ratatouille.
" - What? - Yo, I ain't trying to have rats living in my hat and pulling my hair to get me to do stuff.
I'm scared too.
But we can't just abandon our friends and let them take the fall for us.
Sure we can.
It would be so easy to do that.
We'd just go back to Mindy's house, chill out I'd get used to room-temperature beer.
Me and Janet keep trying to solve the problem of how to have sex, which could take years.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's just pretend that we didn't hear the Janet walkie-talkie message.
No, it's time to own up, dude.
I spent my whole life acting like Mindy, me first, no matter what, and it literally took dying and being around a bunch of good people to realize that I was kind of a nightmare.
Why were you like that? Well let me tell you about Doug and Donna Shellstrop.
Hey, Dad, just a warning, Mom's gonna be here in a second.
Ugh, your mother's coming? Oh, boy, hide the silverware.
You mean the silverware you stole from Mom? Yeah, but she keeps trying to steal it back.
I drove here as fast as I could.
You scored free WrestleMania tickets? There are no tickets, Mom.
I knew that was the only way I could get you here.
Ah-ha! Burn.
Eleanor, just because your father and I are divorced does not mean you can disrespect me like this, okay? We are a family.
Whose birthday is it? - Mine.
- Are you serious? No way.
That was a B.
S.
foul on Chapman.
And since you both forgot, again, which means you definitely didn't get me a present, again, I got myself something.
I just need you to sign it.
Emancipation papers? Honey! What does "emancipation" mean? It means I'll be on my own.
All my life, I've been taking care of myself and you guys.
I work two after-school jobs because you blew half my college fund bailing your boyfriend out of jail.
So irresponsible.
And you blew the other half trying to frame her boyfriend.
It was so stupid.
He was already guilty, dumbass.
I've been on my own for a while now anyway, and after you sign these papers, it'll be official.
I won't owe you anything; you won't owe me anything.
Well, if you want me to sign oh, that's a joint.
Uh, do you have a pen or a lighter? You're a really interesting person, Eleanor.
We should hang out sometime.
[melancholy music] Wow, your parents sucked.
Yeah, they did, and I've been using their crappy parenting as an excuse for my selfish behavior all my life.
No more.
We know what's right here.
We have to go back.
Ride-or-die.
[beeping, train chugging] [beeping] - [alarm chimes] - Time is up.
In preparation for your trip to the Bad Place, please put on these fedoras.
Oh, no.
Well, no use delaying the inevitable.
We surrender.
Together.
Chidi, Tahani, we're back to save your souls.
[panting] Real weird vibe in here.
Was definitely expecting some applause.
You're too late.
You you missed the cut-off.
But we're here.
We came here as fast as we could, and we're here.
So now what? [suspenseful music] [groans] What is the most logical decision? I made my initial ruling.
I established a deadline.
The deadline was missed.
The original perpetrators are here.
This is exhausting.
I just want to go back to my container of goo and go to sleep.
The Bad Place is owed two people.
In my opinion, which is an objective fact in this case and all cases always and forever, you have all done bad things since you arrived here, therefore I don't care which two of you go.
You can decide.
You have 30 minutes.
Uh, don't I get to weigh in? No.
I am in charge of all matters here for the next 30 minutes.
Bring me a list of the frozen yogurt flavors.
We have some work to do there as well.
[indistinct chattering] [phones ringing] [indistinct chattering] Morning, Mike.
How's it hanging? Oh.
Fine, Dave, just fine.
I put your mail on your desk and you have an appointment later with the Director of Point Calculations.
Ugh.
Listen, we got the files for the new crop of incoming, and the Big Guy thinks it's time for you to fly solo.
I get to design it myself? You've been an apprentice long enough.
You're ready.
Oh, Dave, I'm gonna work so hard.
My design is gonna be absolutely perfect.
[chuckles] Okay.
Easy there, rookie.
Starting immediately, you'll be out of my department.
You'll be reporting directly to the front office.
This is your shot.
Good luck.
[ethereal music] All I ever wanted was for this neighborhood my first neighborhood to be perfect.
Somehow I blew it and well, you're all suffering, and for that, I'm deeply sorry.
This is truly the saddest day of my life.
[upbeat circus music playing] [people cheering] [ending fanfare] [sighs] Okay, I guess I'll speak first.
Jason and I are the mistakes.
We're the ones who misled everybody and dragged you all into this mess, so we should go to the Bad Place.
- Agreed.
- Yes.
Okay, I thought you were gonna at least pretend to fight me on that, but whatever.
Hang on.
That judge guy just said everyone here has done bad things.
Let's look at this ethnically.
For what I hope is the last time, it is "ethically.
" You guys helped me and Eleanor, right, but we're bad, so you helping us was bad.
It's basic consequentialism: the morality of an action is solely judged on its consequences.
[claps hands] Great.
[laughs] The one time you actually remember something from class.
Maybe I was brought here by mistake, but since we've been here, I just tried to stay out of everyone's way.
Chidi's done worse stuff than me.
He murdered Janet.
He killed my wife! I was trying to stop you from doing it! Yeah, but you did it.
He who smelt it murdered Janet.
Okay, well, it's settled then.
Eleanor and Jianyu are leaving.
For the last time, my name is Jason, not Jianyu, the amazing and incredible monk.
Which is why you belong in the Bad Place.
And by the way, Janet is not your wife, or your soul mate.
There's a Janet in every neighborhood.
Well, I'm in love with this Janet.
We did a bunch of amazing, awesome stuff which almost turned out to be sex, and we were married in a legal ceremony.
It was not legal.
Okay, J-bones, you and me, outside.
What? But I'm not going.
I don't wanna.
I know you don't "wanna," goofball.
I don't wanna either, but let's face it.
Chidi and Tahani are better people than we are.
We tried to improve ourselves and you know what? We did a good job.
Well, I did a good job.
You mostly fell asleep in class or made fart noises with your hands.
- [making fart noises] - I could never do that on Earth.
This place truly is paradise.
- Look at them.
- [sighs] Whispering away like two Beefeaters on a tea break.
I bet they're plotting against us.
No way.
Eleanor wouldn't do that.
[clicks tongue] You do have feelings for her, don't you? I don't know.
Yes.
But no.
Please don't make me think about this again.
My brain will break.
I'm sorry, it's just that I have certain feelings for you.
You must see this.
The universe keeps intertwining our fates.
It's meaningful, don't you think? This whole romantic situation is such a mess.
I am vexed, Tahani.
Vexed.
I'm sorry, I don't mean to contribute to your misery, it's just that I'm frightened.
I don't have an actual soul mate.
What's gonna happen to me when Jason and Fake Eleanor go and you're off with Real Eleanor? Whither Tahani? [claps hands] Okay, team meeting.
Jason has agreed that the two of us should go.
- Bye, Tahani.
- [sad music] Sorry for everything.
After I'm gone you can go ahead and clean out my bud hole.
Thank you.
I love you so much, baby.
Promise me you'll visit.
I will not.
It is literally impossible for me to do that.
Well, it's been real, dog.
Sorry, that's how I ended most of my serious relationships.
Yeah, that checks out.
I feel like I failed you.
No.
Don't ever think that.
I was dropped into a cave, and you were my flashlight.
Oh.
Good-bye forever.
I will miss you so much.
I'll miss you too, you sexy skyscraper.
[both sniffling] All right, ready to go? Let's grab Michael.
[knocking at the door] Come in.
Hi, guys.
Sorry to interrupt.
Um, I'm going to the Bad Place.
I've taken one of the slots.
- What? - Awesome.
I've been there, I know I can hack it.
Actually, I have kind of a rapport with some of the fire monsters.
Eleanor, that's crazy.
You belong here.
There's another reason.
Everyone here is supposed to have a soul mate, and my soul mate doesn't love me.
[sad music] I don't know if you love the other Eleanor or Tahani or someone else, but you don't love me, which means that this will never really be my Good Place.
I'm going, so you only have to choose one more person.
[door closes] Okay, that means that means that what does that mean? It means I get to stay here with my wife forever! We did it, Eleanor! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! Whoo-hoo! This is so dope! I get to stay You realize if you stay, I still have to go, right? Yes, but I get to stay.
Good point, bud.
Well reasoned.
Wow, Chidi is a terrible writer.
This is a real mess, huh? No matter what they decide, I'd bet you're gonna be in pretty hot water with your boss.
Wouldn't be surprised if retirement were on the table.
Retirement? Course, what do I know? I'm just The All-Knowing Judge of All Matters in the Afterlife.
But face it, this is your mistake.
- Morning, Mike.
- Morning, Val.
[groans] Which one's which? I always forget.
Black is regular, orange is anti-matter.
Working on your first solo design, right? How's it coming? Do you ever get the feeling we could be doing it all differently? I mean, it's always the same.
We get the names, come up with the design, they arrive, we move on to the next one.
We never even get to be there to see how fun it is.
Yeah, I guess, but don't rock the boat here, pal, just try to do a good job.
[playful music] Mm.
French vanilla? Regular anti-matter's fine, why flavor it? A good job.
All right, nerds, let's just get this over with.
I'll go to the Bad Place with Real Eleanor, - and you three can stay.
- Yes! We get to stay, baby! We did it! Wait, no.
You're not going.
I am.
- What? - Why? Real Eleanor is my soul mate or was my soul mate and she's only going down there because she thinks that I don't love her.
- Do you? - I don't know.
Please don't ask me that.
My stomach hurts.
The point is, if she's going down there because of me, I'll never be at peace.
Yes! We get to stay, baby! We did it! No, dude, this is bonkers.
I am going.
End of story.
No, I'm going.
End of everything.
What? Now you're trying to replace Chidi? No.
I'm going to replace Real Eleanor.
Chidi and I are going to go together, which means that you and Real Eleanor and Jason can stay.
Yes! We get to stay, baby! We did it! Look, I love you and I think you love me.
We can be together, away from everyone else.
Obviously, we'll be miserable, but I truly believe our love will make us happy.
Okay, you realize the Bad Place is not some sort of couples retreat, right? If it is, Janet and I would like to go.
I am going! And Real Eleanor is going! No, I'm going with Real Eleanor! No, I'm going with Chidi! Me and Janet are staying, just FYI.
Oh, that's enough out of you, robot lover.
- Hey, that's racist! - Not a robot.
Oh, you have some nerve.
- [all talking at once] - Guys? [all talking at once] Guys! [groans] [all talking at once] [dramatic music] Holy motherforking shirtballs.
What? Oh, man.
Wow! [laughing] Okay, okay.
Uh, whoo! Yo, Mikey! Shawn! Come on out! Is everything okay? Right as rain, Mikey my boy.
So, Chidi and I are gonna go to the Bad Place.
- What? - Trust me, I've got this.
That's our decision.
Let's hit it.
Well, what about Real Eleanor? No, it's me and Chidi.
Call the train.
Point of order.
I don't accept this offer.
The real mistakes were Jason and Eleanor.
Gah, gah, gah, gah! You said any two of us.
It's me and Chidi.
Let's do it to it.
Michael! I just found an obscure precedent in the rules that might just save everyone.
Buzz off, Bambadjan! Don't need it.
Oh, okay.
[chuckles] [door closes] Ready when you are, boss.
Eleanor, what's going on? It took me a while to figure it out, but just now as we were all fighting and yelling at each other and each one of us demanding we should go to the Bad Place, I thought to myself, "Man, this is torture.
" And then it hit me.
They're never gonna call a train to take us to the Bad Place.
The can't, because we're already here.
This is the Bad Place.
[dramatic music] [evil laugh] Oh, man! I can't believe you figured it out.
[laughs] Oh, God! Y-you ruined everything, you know that? Oh, man.
Eleanor, you really suck! - [gasps] - I was so close to pulling it off! [groans, stammering] [sobs] [ceramic crunches] Sorry.
So she's right? Yeah, she figured it out.
No, this doesn't make any sense.
This is paradise.
Oh, it looks like paradise, but it's actually a filthy dumpster full of our worst anxieties.
I'm surrounded by people who are literally better than me.
Just me being here forced Chidi into an ethical "clusterfork.
" Tahani tortured Jason by constantly trying to get him to talk, Jason tortured my because I was sure he would blow our cover, which was torture for Chidi, because he was responsible for me, which made Chidi seem like the perfect soul mate, and that tortured Tahani because he didn't love her.
You don't love me? Please, don't ask me that right now.
See? We've been torturing each other since the moment we arrived, and everything Michael has done has made at least one of us miserable.
I had to be his assistant and try and find myself.
He convinced me to throw my life's work in the garbage.
He made sure I'd see those bogus neighborhood rankings because he knew I'd hate being second-to-last.
And I had the perfect bud hole and no dudes to share it with.
He played us like a fiddle.
You gotta give it up.
Oh, dip! Eleanor, I told you that first night that we were in a prank show.
Oh, yeah.
You did! Great job, man.
[laughs] Chidi, don't go! I don't care if you don't love me, I love you.
It's the only thing that makes any sense to me in this crazy world, - and I think we should stay - No, stop, Vicky.
They figured it out.
- They - They know this is the Bad Place.
Eleanor figured it out.
[groans] Man! This was supposed to be my big moment.
I just rehearsed that speech for, like, three hours.
Damn it, Eleanor, you are the worst, and you can all suck it.
Do you remember what I told you when you predicted you could do this for 1,000 years? The time has come to innovate.
The human afterlife can be more fun.
For us, obviously, not for the people we're torturing.
Who cares about those dummies? [laughter] I present to you the perfect recipe for my proposed experiment.
Four people, perfectly suited to make each other miserable.
I'm going to design an afterlife where they torture each other.
We've tried this.
Humans are very reticent to torture each other.
Even getting them to do simple things like pulling out each other's teeth is like I can't think of the right analogy.
What makes you think that you can get them to do this? Because they won't even know that they are doing it.
I'm going to make them think that they are in the Good Place, and to make sure that they drive each other insane, I will be there, posing as a Good Place architect.
What? I even stole a Good Place Janet we can use.
Ugh! It can work.
- [scoffs] - Look, we can just send them all to the hot spike pits with the lava and the bees and the lightning that tears off their flesh.
Let's try something new.
Too many variables.
Too many moving parts.
That's what will make it fun.
I cannot predict everything that's gonna happen, but we'll improvise.
We'll we'll be on our toes.
It'll be exciting.
I think that we can get them to torture each other for 1,000 years.
I think you'll be lucky to get six months out of this insane gambit.
But take me through it.
How would this work, exactly? Oh.
Yes, all right, so [clears throat] This is a 14 million-point plan.
Um oh, sorry.
I thought we reserved the conference room.
No, Todd, we have it until 3:00.
Sorry.
Sorry, everyone.
So, Bambadjan and Gunnar and Shawn everyone else in this neighborhood Except for you four, everyone in this neighborhood is one of us.
After I came up with everyone's characters, we'd just create fun scenarios designed to torture you.
How can I be over it? We haven't discussed it or even spoken for days.
Well, it sounds like you've had a really nice vacation from your full-time job.
Get your story straight.
Okay.
They're at each other's throats already.
This should put them over the top.
Ed, you play Bart, a former private eye.
- Ooh.
- Tracy, you're his soul mate, Nina a marriage counselor.
[both laughing] Maybe we can get them to swing with us.
[laughter] That's perfect, perfect! Shh, shh, shh.
Hey, guys? It's Michael! [groans] That was really a fun time.
Then it all started to go off the rails.
When I confessed.
You had no idea I was gonna do that, because honestly, I had no idea I was gonna do that, Yeah, that came out of nowhere.
I mean, after that it was just a crazy scramble for all of us.
You know, I definitely underestimated how effective Chidi was gonna be, teaching you to be good, and obviously, we didn't anticipate that Janet would fall in love with Jason.
Hang on.
That part is real.
Oh, yeah.
Janet isn't one of us.
No, she's sort of a foundational mainframe for all of the neighborhoods, good and bad.
And apparently, this Janet is in love with Jason.
I mean [laughs] What a world, huh? Wait, I don't get something.
I know why Jason and I were sent here, but why Tahani? Oh, yeah.
Didn't you raise, like, $1,000 for charity, or whatever? Uh, $60 billion, actually, so.
[playful music] Oh.
But it didn't matter because my motivations were corrupt.
I didn't care about helping the people I raised the money for.
I just wanted to prove my parents wrong, stick it to my sister, get fame and attention.
My only real goal was to snog Ryan Gosling at the Met Ball.
Which I did.
Couple of times, actually.
But wait, why is Chidi here? Well, uh there's something you don't know about me.
I read an article saying that growing almonds was bad for the environment, and yet I continued to use - almond milk in my coffee - No, dingus! You hurt everyone in your life with your rigidity and your indecisiveness.
[playful music] Oh, fork! You're right.
Every friend, every girlfriend was driven nuts because I couldn't do anything.
I missed my mom's back surgery because I had already promised my landlord's nephew that I would help him figure out his new phone.
I made everyone miserable.
Well, if it'll make you feel any better, you were the closest to actually getting in, up there.
You weren't that close.
You were just the closest.
That makes me feel worse, somehow.
Good.
Thank you, Chidi.
I really needed to hear that right now.
I mean, all this hard work, all the planning, all for nothing.
This really sucks.
No, it doesn't.
This is wonderful.
You saw us all on Earth a selfish ass, an idiot DJ, a tortured academic, a hot, rich fraud with legs for days Side note, I might legit be into Tahani.
But that's for another time.
You thought we would torture each other, and we did for a little, but we also took care of each other.
We improved each other, and the four of us became a team.
So, the only thing you succeeded in doing was bringing us all together.
Oh, Eleanor.
That's it! My big mistake was bringing you all together, having you be soul mates living next to each other.
Next time, I'll spread you out so it's more of a slow burn.
- Uh, next time? - Yeah.
Yeah, I'm gonna erase your memories, you know, make a few changes and start over again.
Hopefully.
Just gotta get the boss man to sign off.
Wish me luck.
[dramatic music] Guys, we need a plan.
Quick.
Tahani, anything? Chidi, I need ya.
You're the smart one.
I-I can't.
I-I can't.
- Jason? - What? What's up? Ugh! What do you say? Take two, huh? I don't know.
I mean, what is this? All this work for four people, and me, I'm wearing a judge's robe? I feel like a real weenie.
Look, for a first attempt it was actually very promising.
Let me let me just tinker a little, try again.
Okay.
But you're way out on a limb here, Mike.
If this thing goes sideways again, you are done.
Guys, he is going to erase our memories at any second and all of this will have been for nothing.
Ugh! You're useless! [dramatic music] What do I write? What do I write? Ooh! Come on, brain.
Janet? You can't eat anything, right? - Correct.
- Open up.
All right, let's try again, shall we? You know what, bro? Do your worst.
We figured it out once, we can do it again, because you know what, Michael? Ya bas [chimes tinkle] [door opening] Eleanor, come on in.
You, Eleanor Shellstrop, are dead.
Cool.
[upbeat music] You know the way you feel when you see a chimpanzee and a baby tiger who've become friends? [laughter] That's how you're going to feel every day.
Your medical relief mission to Kazakhstan, that really put you over the top, you got a ton of points for that.
Eleanor? I'm Chris Baker.
I'm your soul mate.
Cool.
Bring it in, man.
So where are you from, Chris? I'm from Teaneck, New Jersey, and I was a mailman.
Really? [laughs] Chris, you'll stand by me no matter what, right? Hold that thought.
Is it okay if I go work out? I love working out.
I gotta stay jacked, it's who I am.
Yeah, you gotta.
Once I'm back, we'll get to know each other.
Great.
See ya soon.
- [door closes] - [beep] - Hi there.
- [gasps] - Who are you? - I'm Janet.
I think this is yours.
After I was rebooted, I found it in my mouth.
What? [dramatic music] What the fork is a "Chidi"? Why can't I say "fork"?
And now The end is near And so I face The final curtain - Ow! What the hell? - Walk it off, Lululemon.
I'll say it clear I'll state my case Of which I'm certain I've lived A life that's full I traveled each and "Live every day like it's your last.
" Bite me.
I'ma live forever, bitch.
Ma'am? It's $132.
21.
So, big plans this weekend? Yep.
I'm gonna sit alone in my house watching wedding fails on YouTube, drinking margaritas through a Twizzlers straw until I pass out on top of my vibrator.
Hi there.
Do you have a second to talk about the environment? No.
Buzz off, whale-humper.
You know, I see you here all the time, and you're always mean to me, and it really hurts my feelings.
It does? Because the minute you're out of my line of sight, I literally forget you exist.
Watch.
You exist.
You don't exist.
You're bothering me.
Don't care if you die.
- See? - Why are you like this? Excuse me? Why am I like this? You don't know me, dude.
You don't know what I'm like.
Look what you made me do, jag-off.
- And did it my - Oh, my God, look out! - Uh-oh.
- Way [inhales sharply] Oh, good, you're awake.
Can I ask you a question about where we're going? Sure.
Where are we going? I forgot.
We're going somewhere that's not the Good Place, and it's not the Bad Place.
We're going to a Medium Place.
Hmm, is there a 7-Eleven on the way? 'Cause Janet's powers aren't working, and I want some gum and some football cards and some scratchy tickets.
- Go away from me.
- Okay.
Can this train go any faster, Janet? No pressure, but Jason and I will literally be tortured for all of eternity if we get caught.
Don't worry, there's no way to tell we're going to Mindy St.
Clair's house.
It'll be our sexy little secret.
Jason taught me about sexy things.
Oh, yeah? What things did he say were sexy? Lamborghinis, cool snakes, spinning rims, 20,000 followers on Instagram, girls with pigtails eating lollipops, latex pants, Carl's Jr.
ads, and sex.
Eh, some of those are right.
I'm here to preside over case #00003 regarding the soul of Eleanor Shellstrop.
The Bad Place has sent Bad Janet to present their argument.
[tone chimes] What up, ding-dongs? Yeah, so basically, um, the Fake Eleanor's a dirt bag, and these jabronis are gonna try and claim she's less of a dirt bag now, but she just stole your train, and she still sucks bad.
And she belongs with us.
Oh, also, check this out.
[farting] - Nailed it.
- [tone chimes] I've ruled the fart inadmissible as evidence.
What I will consider is the recent development - of Eleanor stealing my train.
- Now, hold on a second.
She stole your train to voluntarily go down to the Bad Place.
She was sacrificing herself because she is a wonderful, selfless - [crunching] - No, don't oh! - What's happening? - I should have warned you.
Shawn only cares about cold hard facts.
If he detects any feelings in your voice, he retreats into a cocoon, so what we need to do now is just be very still and very quiet.
[suspenseful music] [crunching] - Finally.
- [crunching] - Oh, come - What did he just say? Oh, because you're all so perfect.
[suspenseful music] Wow.
So where does this Mindy St.
Clair live? I don't know.
I'm out of range of our neighborhood.
I don't have any - of my normal abilities here.
- Perfect.
[sighs] Well, let's try this way.
Ooh, I've never had to walk before.
This is fun.
Now I'm bored.
Walking is dumb.
[light music] [hawk screeches] Well, given that she's the only person in the neighborhood, I'm guessing this is the pl Oh! She's naked! - [screams] - Oh, sorry! - [screams] - [yells] - [screams] - [yells] Who are you? I'm Janet.
Hello, Mindy.
My name is Beadie.
I'm from the Good Place, and welcome to your first day - in the afterlife.
- What's up, idiot? Sorry I'm late, babe.
Hey, are you pregnant? - That's not possible.
- Congrats.
Yeah, so, Mindy, look.
You mostly sucked, but then you did this one good thing.
I mean, I still think we should get you They didn't, but neither did we.
A compromise was made: the neighborhood you are in now by yourself.
You submitted a list of things you wanted; the Good Place provided those things.
Yeah, and the Bad Place made some modifications.
We got you your favorite beer.
Yeah, but it's always warm.
On your jukebox, you'll find every song ever sung.
Yeah, by The Eagles, and it's only the live versions.
Also, there's some spoken word poetry from William Shatner.
It's deeply terrible.
You get the idea.
Welcome to eternal mediocrity.
- Welcome to the Medium Place.
- So what's up? What's your deal? Are you single? - What's going on? - [static crackles] Sorry about before.
One of the perks of living alone is that I get to just walk around naked.
[laughs] My kind of gal.
And I gotta say, you keep it tight.
Oh, that is the nicest and only thing anyone has said to me in 30 years.
So tell us everything.
I mean, what did you do - to end up here? - That's kind of a long story.
- Gonna need a drink or three.
- Definitely my kind of gal.
You guys have fun.
This is me and Janet's honeymoon, so we're gonna go try and figure out how to have sex.
So I was a hotshot corporate lawyer in the 1980s.
I only cared about making money and doing cocaine.
One night, I had an epiphany, right? I needed to do something good with my life.
So I drew up plans for this foundation that would help kids all over the world, would advance human rights, revolutionize agriculture, and just improve every nation and every society in every possible way.
- You were pretty coked-up, huh? - Oh, yeah, man, I was flying high.
It was so awesome.
But you're not gonna believe this I followed through.
Yeah, I woke up the next morning, I went straight to the bank, I withdrew my life savings, and I was gonna start - that charity.
- Good for you! And then I immediately fell into subway tracks and was electrocuted by the third rail.
- Ooh - Honestly, not the type of rail I thought was gonna kill me [chuckles] 'Cause I love cocaine.
[laughs] Do you have any? I'm just I shouldn't Do you? - No.
- Oh, yeah.
I mean, I was just I was just kidding.
It was just a joke.
I mean, who would want to do cocaine right now? - Are you okay? - Anyway, so after I died, uh, my sister found my plan, and she used my money to start the Mindy St.
Clair Rescue Alliance, yeah.
It's actually the largest relief aid charity in the world.
Oh, so the question was, did you get credit for all those good person points or not? Exactly.
I don't know how long my case was pending or whatever, but when I woke up, the two sides had been fighting about me for a long time.
[chuckles] Like a stripper over that last bump of coke at the party, if you know what I mean.
But anyway, they finally came to this compromise, you know? Well, it beats being tortured.
I was about to turn myself in.
No.
Yeah, there's no time for that morality nonsense, sweetheart.
This is about survival.
You gotta look out for number one.
Right, well, we don't have proof that it doesn't cure Alzheimer's.
Eleanor, we've got a surprise for you.
Yeah, thanks, but I brought my own cake.
Oh, I know you've only worked here a few weeks, but we have this little office tradition where we all pitch in, and then we Yeah, no, I get it.
It's just, I know what kind of cake I like.
Plus, it's Lisa's birthday next week, and if I let you give me a cake, that means I gotta pitch in to get Lisa a cake and sing to her and wear one of those dumb hats you all are wearing right now.
No, thanks.
This way, I don't owe you anything, you don't owe me anything.
Later.
What were we talking about? What is her deal? Why is she like this? I don't know, but the meaner she is, the more it turns me on.
Is that weird? - You're my boss.
- Oh, say that to me again, but more disgusted with me, like I'm a worm.
Eleanor was supposed to be in the Bad Place, arrived here by accident, assumed another person's identity, and has now escaped.
Is that the whole story? Well, no.
Someone else was sent here by mistake.
His name is Jason Mendoza, and I believe he's on the train with Eleanor.
- You knew about Jason? - Yes, I know that he's a fake and that he's married to Janet and that this entire neighborhood is What's the human expression? Ah, yes, a smokin' hot turd.
I will deal with Jason Mendoza later.
For now, I will hear your arguments for why Fake Eleanor Shellstrop should stay in the Good Place.
We can do this, but we must remain emotionless.
I'm talking "Kristen Stewart on a red carpet" level of emotionless here, all right? Begin.
[deadpan] Eleanor dedicated herself to the study of ethics.
I was blown away by her capacity for self-improvement.
[deadpan] Eleanor is a magnificent person who has grown tremendously in her time here.
[deadpan] Please, I'm begging you, please.
[deadpan] Voluntarily heading to the Bad Place proves that she is a selfless person.
Sorry.
I'm getting choked up.
Yes, voluntarily sacrificing herself and heading to the Bad Place would be a point in her favor.
However, I've just received word that Eleanor is not currently in the Bad Place.
We have no idea where she is.
- Well, what the - What? - Fork! - [crunching] I will now review Eleanor's memories.
Her memories? As in, all the things - she's done on Earth? - Mm-hmm.
But perhaps we could take a little break first.
You know, we've been at it for a while, and you must be tired.
I've been asleep in goo for the last 29 years, so I'm good.
Call up the screen for Fake Eleanor Shellstrop, please.
Where should we begin, "Waiters Screamed At" or "Cyberbullying of Pregnant Woman from Spin Class"? [melancholy music] [door closes] Hey, you wanna grab a drink or something? Uh, no, I kind of have my own private time routine.
I thought you'd want company after being here alone for so long.
- No.
- Okay, I get it.
Hey, uh, where did you get that? That's not one of my books.
I only have Anne Rice vampire novels with water stains, and I've cut words out of most of them to make pornography.
My friend in the Good Place gave it to me when he was teaching me ethics.
It reminds me of him.
Look, if you wanna survive, you have to forget what you left behind.
Take that whole experience, crumple it up, throw it in the garbage can.
Okay.
Instead of reading, I will watch this VHS copy of "Cannonball Run II.
" Or maybe "The Making of 'Cannonball Run II.
'" Wow.
Very medium.
Yeah.
Hey, you two lovebirds figure out how to have sex yet? No.
We tried for two hours, but there was just a lot of, like, bumping into each other.
It was weird.
[speaking Spanish] [air horn blares] This ain't your bar mitzvah anymore, bitch.
It's my 24th birthday! What! Hot tiara, girl.
[air horn blares] That was "The Crashing and Subsequent Destruction of Vanessa Garcia's Quinceaera.
" Let's move on to another event.
"Heckling of Mall Santas"? "Lifetime Ban from Build-a-Bear Workshop"? "Brief Instagram Flirtation with Kid Rock"? Oh, no.
This is getting away from us.
We need to do something quickly.
Yeah, uh, Judge, request permission to speak somewhat emotionally? Ugh.
Fine.
Dramamine.
Helps with the nausea.
Proceed.
Okay, look, I know, obviously, these memories aren't great.
I was particularly disturbed by "Started Fire in Mailbox to Get Mailman to Take Off Shirt," but that was the old Eleanor.
She changed.
She worked and she studied and she got better.
And it wasn't just self-preservation, it was real self-improvement.
I made the decision to help Eleanor that first week, and I'm glad I did.
Because she's worth it.
I, too, helped Eleanor.
Not as much as Chidi, surely, but my help was more friendship and sorely needed fashion advice.
Eleanor deserves to stay.
Thank you for these testimonials.
A ruling has been reached.
Oh, you want to hear it.
I forgot how needy humans are.
[clears throat] Eleanor Shellstrop is a bad person.
The progress she has made does not offset her actions on Earth.
She deserves to be in the Bad Place.
- Oh! - As concerning Jason Mendoza, I have heard no statements nor seen any evidence to suggest oh, he's from Florida? Yeah, he belongs in the Bad Place.
No, but how do you intend to enforce this ruling? You have no idea where they are.
Bad Janet? - [tone chimes] - What's up, fork nuts? Engage walkie-talkie protocol.
[electronic warbling] What if you're here, and I'm like this? Yes, that may work.
[beeping, electronic blaring] Whoa, what is happening? Is she having an orgasm? Did I do it somehow? Attention Eleanor Shellstrop and Jason Mendoza.
This is the Almighty Judge on High of All Beings Living and Dead for All Eternity.
My name's Shawn.
We do not know where you are but hope you are receiving this message.
You have been found to be the rightful property of the Bad Place.
Either return to your original neighborhood, or your accomplices Chidi Anagonye and Tahani Al-Jamil will go to the Bad Place in your stead.
- What? - What? You have four hours.
Good-bye.
Your Honor, please, Chidi and Tahani are completely innocent.
They are not completely innocent.
They told me so themselves.
They aided and abetted two criminals, one of whom was a DJ.
They're gonna send Chidi and Tahani to the Bad Place? We're off the hook, this is amazing! Babe, we are going to be trying to make love all night long.
We don't have to go back, though.
- they just said.
- We can't let Tahani and Chidi go to the Bad Place.
They're our friends.
- We literally owe it to them.
- If they're really our "friends," then why aren't they here with us right "now"? Because we ran away.
Are you Does your brain work, actually? Do you have a functioning head? I think he has a good point.
I wouldn't go back for those turkeys.
How can you say that? Think practically here.
Okay, you go back, you turn yourself in, you get sent to the Bad Place, and you never see your friends again.
Or you stay here, you're safe from the Bad Place, and you never see your friends again.
It's the same results, except if you stay here, you don't get tortured.
- But they do.
- That's their problem.
Your problem is whether you get tortured.
Now if you'll excuse me, it's my masturbating time.
When isn't it? We're going back.
- But - Now.
[dramatic music] Can we even make it there in time? I believe so, though it'll be close.
- Where's Jason? - Heads up! Sorry, Eleanor, but I can't let us leave.
[slow motion] Bortles! [dramatic music] No! [clink] What are you doing, you goon? Trying to blow up the train.
Blowing stuff up got me out of so many jams on Earth.
Let me try again.
Do do you have another bottle? Hi there, since there's no Janet here to serve you, I brought you two a little treat.
- Ah, kind of like a last meal.
- Not like a last meal, just, uh, the final food you might ever eat.
I'm gonna miss these little perks when I'm down in the Bad Place, being forced to wear a a knock-off handbag and drink tap water.
- That's what you think hell is? - Ugh.
Janet, please, we have to go.
I won't start the train until my husband says it's okay.
I'm sorry, Eleanor, but I engaged a ride-or-die protocol so I'm loyal to Jason forever.
Buddy Come on, we gotta go.
I don't wanna go to the Bad Place.
It's scary, like the movie "Ratatouille.
" - What? - Yo, I ain't trying to have rats living in my hat and pulling my hair to get me to do stuff.
I'm scared too.
But we can't just abandon our friends and let them take the fall for us.
Sure we can.
It would be so easy to do that.
We'd just go back to Mindy's house, chill out I'd get used to room-temperature beer.
Me and Janet keep trying to solve the problem of how to have sex, which could take years.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's just pretend that we didn't hear the Janet walkie-talkie message.
No, it's time to own up, dude.
I spent my whole life acting like Mindy, me first, no matter what, and it literally took dying and being around a bunch of good people to realize that I was kind of a nightmare.
Why were you like that? Well let me tell you about Doug and Donna Shellstrop.
Hey, Dad, just a warning, Mom's gonna be here in a second.
Ugh, your mother's coming? Oh, boy, hide the silverware.
You mean the silverware you stole from Mom? Yeah, but she keeps trying to steal it back.
I drove here as fast as I could.
You scored free WrestleMania tickets? There are no tickets, Mom.
I knew that was the only way I could get you here.
Ah-ha! Burn.
Eleanor, just because your father and I are divorced does not mean you can disrespect me like this, okay? We are a family.
Whose birthday is it? - Mine.
- Are you serious? No way.
That was a B.
S.
foul on Chapman.
And since you both forgot, again, which means you definitely didn't get me a present, again, I got myself something.
I just need you to sign it.
Emancipation papers? Honey! What does "emancipation" mean? It means I'll be on my own.
All my life, I've been taking care of myself and you guys.
I work two after-school jobs because you blew half my college fund bailing your boyfriend out of jail.
So irresponsible.
And you blew the other half trying to frame her boyfriend.
It was so stupid.
He was already guilty, dumbass.
I've been on my own for a while now anyway, and after you sign these papers, it'll be official.
I won't owe you anything; you won't owe me anything.
Well, if you want me to sign oh, that's a joint.
Uh, do you have a pen or a lighter? You're a really interesting person, Eleanor.
We should hang out sometime.
[melancholy music] Wow, your parents sucked.
Yeah, they did, and I've been using their crappy parenting as an excuse for my selfish behavior all my life.
No more.
We know what's right here.
We have to go back.
Ride-or-die.
[beeping, train chugging] [beeping] - [alarm chimes] - Time is up.
In preparation for your trip to the Bad Place, please put on these fedoras.
Oh, no.
Well, no use delaying the inevitable.
We surrender.
Together.
Chidi, Tahani, we're back to save your souls.
[panting] Real weird vibe in here.
Was definitely expecting some applause.
You're too late.
You you missed the cut-off.
But we're here.
We came here as fast as we could, and we're here.
So now what? [suspenseful music] [groans] What is the most logical decision? I made my initial ruling.
I established a deadline.
The deadline was missed.
The original perpetrators are here.
This is exhausting.
I just want to go back to my container of goo and go to sleep.
The Bad Place is owed two people.
In my opinion, which is an objective fact in this case and all cases always and forever, you have all done bad things since you arrived here, therefore I don't care which two of you go.
You can decide.
You have 30 minutes.
Uh, don't I get to weigh in? No.
I am in charge of all matters here for the next 30 minutes.
Bring me a list of the frozen yogurt flavors.
We have some work to do there as well.
[indistinct chattering] [phones ringing] [indistinct chattering] Morning, Mike.
How's it hanging? Oh.
Fine, Dave, just fine.
I put your mail on your desk and you have an appointment later with the Director of Point Calculations.
Ugh.
Listen, we got the files for the new crop of incoming, and the Big Guy thinks it's time for you to fly solo.
I get to design it myself? You've been an apprentice long enough.
You're ready.
Oh, Dave, I'm gonna work so hard.
My design is gonna be absolutely perfect.
[chuckles] Okay.
Easy there, rookie.
Starting immediately, you'll be out of my department.
You'll be reporting directly to the front office.
This is your shot.
Good luck.
[ethereal music] All I ever wanted was for this neighborhood my first neighborhood to be perfect.
Somehow I blew it and well, you're all suffering, and for that, I'm deeply sorry.
This is truly the saddest day of my life.
[upbeat circus music playing] [people cheering] [ending fanfare] [sighs] Okay, I guess I'll speak first.
Jason and I are the mistakes.
We're the ones who misled everybody and dragged you all into this mess, so we should go to the Bad Place.
- Agreed.
- Yes.
Okay, I thought you were gonna at least pretend to fight me on that, but whatever.
Hang on.
That judge guy just said everyone here has done bad things.
Let's look at this ethnically.
For what I hope is the last time, it is "ethically.
" You guys helped me and Eleanor, right, but we're bad, so you helping us was bad.
It's basic consequentialism: the morality of an action is solely judged on its consequences.
[claps hands] Great.
[laughs] The one time you actually remember something from class.
Maybe I was brought here by mistake, but since we've been here, I just tried to stay out of everyone's way.
Chidi's done worse stuff than me.
He murdered Janet.
He killed my wife! I was trying to stop you from doing it! Yeah, but you did it.
He who smelt it murdered Janet.
Okay, well, it's settled then.
Eleanor and Jianyu are leaving.
For the last time, my name is Jason, not Jianyu, the amazing and incredible monk.
Which is why you belong in the Bad Place.
And by the way, Janet is not your wife, or your soul mate.
There's a Janet in every neighborhood.
Well, I'm in love with this Janet.
We did a bunch of amazing, awesome stuff which almost turned out to be sex, and we were married in a legal ceremony.
It was not legal.
Okay, J-bones, you and me, outside.
What? But I'm not going.
I don't wanna.
I know you don't "wanna," goofball.
I don't wanna either, but let's face it.
Chidi and Tahani are better people than we are.
We tried to improve ourselves and you know what? We did a good job.
Well, I did a good job.
You mostly fell asleep in class or made fart noises with your hands.
- [making fart noises] - I could never do that on Earth.
This place truly is paradise.
- Look at them.
- [sighs] Whispering away like two Beefeaters on a tea break.
I bet they're plotting against us.
No way.
Eleanor wouldn't do that.
[clicks tongue] You do have feelings for her, don't you? I don't know.
Yes.
But no.
Please don't make me think about this again.
My brain will break.
I'm sorry, it's just that I have certain feelings for you.
You must see this.
The universe keeps intertwining our fates.
It's meaningful, don't you think? This whole romantic situation is such a mess.
I am vexed, Tahani.
Vexed.
I'm sorry, I don't mean to contribute to your misery, it's just that I'm frightened.
I don't have an actual soul mate.
What's gonna happen to me when Jason and Fake Eleanor go and you're off with Real Eleanor? Whither Tahani? [claps hands] Okay, team meeting.
Jason has agreed that the two of us should go.
- Bye, Tahani.
- [sad music] Sorry for everything.
After I'm gone you can go ahead and clean out my bud hole.
Thank you.
I love you so much, baby.
Promise me you'll visit.
I will not.
It is literally impossible for me to do that.
Well, it's been real, dog.
Sorry, that's how I ended most of my serious relationships.
Yeah, that checks out.
I feel like I failed you.
No.
Don't ever think that.
I was dropped into a cave, and you were my flashlight.
Oh.
Good-bye forever.
I will miss you so much.
I'll miss you too, you sexy skyscraper.
[both sniffling] All right, ready to go? Let's grab Michael.
[knocking at the door] Come in.
Hi, guys.
Sorry to interrupt.
Um, I'm going to the Bad Place.
I've taken one of the slots.
- What? - Awesome.
I've been there, I know I can hack it.
Actually, I have kind of a rapport with some of the fire monsters.
Eleanor, that's crazy.
You belong here.
There's another reason.
Everyone here is supposed to have a soul mate, and my soul mate doesn't love me.
[sad music] I don't know if you love the other Eleanor or Tahani or someone else, but you don't love me, which means that this will never really be my Good Place.
I'm going, so you only have to choose one more person.
[door closes] Okay, that means that means that what does that mean? It means I get to stay here with my wife forever! We did it, Eleanor! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! Whoo-hoo! This is so dope! I get to stay You realize if you stay, I still have to go, right? Yes, but I get to stay.
Good point, bud.
Well reasoned.
Wow, Chidi is a terrible writer.
This is a real mess, huh? No matter what they decide, I'd bet you're gonna be in pretty hot water with your boss.
Wouldn't be surprised if retirement were on the table.
Retirement? Course, what do I know? I'm just The All-Knowing Judge of All Matters in the Afterlife.
But face it, this is your mistake.
- Morning, Mike.
- Morning, Val.
[groans] Which one's which? I always forget.
Black is regular, orange is anti-matter.
Working on your first solo design, right? How's it coming? Do you ever get the feeling we could be doing it all differently? I mean, it's always the same.
We get the names, come up with the design, they arrive, we move on to the next one.
We never even get to be there to see how fun it is.
Yeah, I guess, but don't rock the boat here, pal, just try to do a good job.
[playful music] Mm.
French vanilla? Regular anti-matter's fine, why flavor it? A good job.
All right, nerds, let's just get this over with.
I'll go to the Bad Place with Real Eleanor, - and you three can stay.
- Yes! We get to stay, baby! We did it! Wait, no.
You're not going.
I am.
- What? - Why? Real Eleanor is my soul mate or was my soul mate and she's only going down there because she thinks that I don't love her.
- Do you? - I don't know.
Please don't ask me that.
My stomach hurts.
The point is, if she's going down there because of me, I'll never be at peace.
Yes! We get to stay, baby! We did it! No, dude, this is bonkers.
I am going.
End of story.
No, I'm going.
End of everything.
What? Now you're trying to replace Chidi? No.
I'm going to replace Real Eleanor.
Chidi and I are going to go together, which means that you and Real Eleanor and Jason can stay.
Yes! We get to stay, baby! We did it! Look, I love you and I think you love me.
We can be together, away from everyone else.
Obviously, we'll be miserable, but I truly believe our love will make us happy.
Okay, you realize the Bad Place is not some sort of couples retreat, right? If it is, Janet and I would like to go.
I am going! And Real Eleanor is going! No, I'm going with Real Eleanor! No, I'm going with Chidi! Me and Janet are staying, just FYI.
Oh, that's enough out of you, robot lover.
- Hey, that's racist! - Not a robot.
Oh, you have some nerve.
- [all talking at once] - Guys? [all talking at once] Guys! [groans] [all talking at once] [dramatic music] Holy motherforking shirtballs.
What? Oh, man.
Wow! [laughing] Okay, okay.
Uh, whoo! Yo, Mikey! Shawn! Come on out! Is everything okay? Right as rain, Mikey my boy.
So, Chidi and I are gonna go to the Bad Place.
- What? - Trust me, I've got this.
That's our decision.
Let's hit it.
Well, what about Real Eleanor? No, it's me and Chidi.
Call the train.
Point of order.
I don't accept this offer.
The real mistakes were Jason and Eleanor.
Gah, gah, gah, gah! You said any two of us.
It's me and Chidi.
Let's do it to it.
Michael! I just found an obscure precedent in the rules that might just save everyone.
Buzz off, Bambadjan! Don't need it.
Oh, okay.
[chuckles] [door closes] Ready when you are, boss.
Eleanor, what's going on? It took me a while to figure it out, but just now as we were all fighting and yelling at each other and each one of us demanding we should go to the Bad Place, I thought to myself, "Man, this is torture.
" And then it hit me.
They're never gonna call a train to take us to the Bad Place.
The can't, because we're already here.
This is the Bad Place.
[dramatic music] [evil laugh] Oh, man! I can't believe you figured it out.
[laughs] Oh, God! Y-you ruined everything, you know that? Oh, man.
Eleanor, you really suck! - [gasps] - I was so close to pulling it off! [groans, stammering] [sobs] [ceramic crunches] Sorry.
So she's right? Yeah, she figured it out.
No, this doesn't make any sense.
This is paradise.
Oh, it looks like paradise, but it's actually a filthy dumpster full of our worst anxieties.
I'm surrounded by people who are literally better than me.
Just me being here forced Chidi into an ethical "clusterfork.
" Tahani tortured Jason by constantly trying to get him to talk, Jason tortured my because I was sure he would blow our cover, which was torture for Chidi, because he was responsible for me, which made Chidi seem like the perfect soul mate, and that tortured Tahani because he didn't love her.
You don't love me? Please, don't ask me that right now.
See? We've been torturing each other since the moment we arrived, and everything Michael has done has made at least one of us miserable.
I had to be his assistant and try and find myself.
He convinced me to throw my life's work in the garbage.
He made sure I'd see those bogus neighborhood rankings because he knew I'd hate being second-to-last.
And I had the perfect bud hole and no dudes to share it with.
He played us like a fiddle.
You gotta give it up.
Oh, dip! Eleanor, I told you that first night that we were in a prank show.
Oh, yeah.
You did! Great job, man.
[laughs] Chidi, don't go! I don't care if you don't love me, I love you.
It's the only thing that makes any sense to me in this crazy world, - and I think we should stay - No, stop, Vicky.
They figured it out.
- They - They know this is the Bad Place.
Eleanor figured it out.
[groans] Man! This was supposed to be my big moment.
I just rehearsed that speech for, like, three hours.
Damn it, Eleanor, you are the worst, and you can all suck it.
Do you remember what I told you when you predicted you could do this for 1,000 years? The time has come to innovate.
The human afterlife can be more fun.
For us, obviously, not for the people we're torturing.
Who cares about those dummies? [laughter] I present to you the perfect recipe for my proposed experiment.
Four people, perfectly suited to make each other miserable.
I'm going to design an afterlife where they torture each other.
We've tried this.
Humans are very reticent to torture each other.
Even getting them to do simple things like pulling out each other's teeth is like I can't think of the right analogy.
What makes you think that you can get them to do this? Because they won't even know that they are doing it.
I'm going to make them think that they are in the Good Place, and to make sure that they drive each other insane, I will be there, posing as a Good Place architect.
What? I even stole a Good Place Janet we can use.
Ugh! It can work.
- [scoffs] - Look, we can just send them all to the hot spike pits with the lava and the bees and the lightning that tears off their flesh.
Let's try something new.
Too many variables.
Too many moving parts.
That's what will make it fun.
I cannot predict everything that's gonna happen, but we'll improvise.
We'll we'll be on our toes.
It'll be exciting.
I think that we can get them to torture each other for 1,000 years.
I think you'll be lucky to get six months out of this insane gambit.
But take me through it.
How would this work, exactly? Oh.
Yes, all right, so [clears throat] This is a 14 million-point plan.
Um oh, sorry.
I thought we reserved the conference room.
No, Todd, we have it until 3:00.
Sorry.
Sorry, everyone.
So, Bambadjan and Gunnar and Shawn everyone else in this neighborhood Except for you four, everyone in this neighborhood is one of us.
After I came up with everyone's characters, we'd just create fun scenarios designed to torture you.
How can I be over it? We haven't discussed it or even spoken for days.
Well, it sounds like you've had a really nice vacation from your full-time job.
Get your story straight.
Okay.
They're at each other's throats already.
This should put them over the top.
Ed, you play Bart, a former private eye.
- Ooh.
- Tracy, you're his soul mate, Nina a marriage counselor.
[both laughing] Maybe we can get them to swing with us.
[laughter] That's perfect, perfect! Shh, shh, shh.
Hey, guys? It's Michael! [groans] That was really a fun time.
Then it all started to go off the rails.
When I confessed.
You had no idea I was gonna do that, because honestly, I had no idea I was gonna do that, Yeah, that came out of nowhere.
I mean, after that it was just a crazy scramble for all of us.
You know, I definitely underestimated how effective Chidi was gonna be, teaching you to be good, and obviously, we didn't anticipate that Janet would fall in love with Jason.
Hang on.
That part is real.
Oh, yeah.
Janet isn't one of us.
No, she's sort of a foundational mainframe for all of the neighborhoods, good and bad.
And apparently, this Janet is in love with Jason.
I mean [laughs] What a world, huh? Wait, I don't get something.
I know why Jason and I were sent here, but why Tahani? Oh, yeah.
Didn't you raise, like, $1,000 for charity, or whatever? Uh, $60 billion, actually, so.
[playful music] Oh.
But it didn't matter because my motivations were corrupt.
I didn't care about helping the people I raised the money for.
I just wanted to prove my parents wrong, stick it to my sister, get fame and attention.
My only real goal was to snog Ryan Gosling at the Met Ball.
Which I did.
Couple of times, actually.
But wait, why is Chidi here? Well, uh there's something you don't know about me.
I read an article saying that growing almonds was bad for the environment, and yet I continued to use - almond milk in my coffee - No, dingus! You hurt everyone in your life with your rigidity and your indecisiveness.
[playful music] Oh, fork! You're right.
Every friend, every girlfriend was driven nuts because I couldn't do anything.
I missed my mom's back surgery because I had already promised my landlord's nephew that I would help him figure out his new phone.
I made everyone miserable.
Well, if it'll make you feel any better, you were the closest to actually getting in, up there.
You weren't that close.
You were just the closest.
That makes me feel worse, somehow.
Good.
Thank you, Chidi.
I really needed to hear that right now.
I mean, all this hard work, all the planning, all for nothing.
This really sucks.
No, it doesn't.
This is wonderful.
You saw us all on Earth a selfish ass, an idiot DJ, a tortured academic, a hot, rich fraud with legs for days Side note, I might legit be into Tahani.
But that's for another time.
You thought we would torture each other, and we did for a little, but we also took care of each other.
We improved each other, and the four of us became a team.
So, the only thing you succeeded in doing was bringing us all together.
Oh, Eleanor.
That's it! My big mistake was bringing you all together, having you be soul mates living next to each other.
Next time, I'll spread you out so it's more of a slow burn.
- Uh, next time? - Yeah.
Yeah, I'm gonna erase your memories, you know, make a few changes and start over again.
Hopefully.
Just gotta get the boss man to sign off.
Wish me luck.
[dramatic music] Guys, we need a plan.
Quick.
Tahani, anything? Chidi, I need ya.
You're the smart one.
I-I can't.
I-I can't.
- Jason? - What? What's up? Ugh! What do you say? Take two, huh? I don't know.
I mean, what is this? All this work for four people, and me, I'm wearing a judge's robe? I feel like a real weenie.
Look, for a first attempt it was actually very promising.
Let me let me just tinker a little, try again.
Okay.
But you're way out on a limb here, Mike.
If this thing goes sideways again, you are done.
Guys, he is going to erase our memories at any second and all of this will have been for nothing.
Ugh! You're useless! [dramatic music] What do I write? What do I write? Ooh! Come on, brain.
Janet? You can't eat anything, right? - Correct.
- Open up.
All right, let's try again, shall we? You know what, bro? Do your worst.
We figured it out once, we can do it again, because you know what, Michael? Ya bas [chimes tinkle] [door opening] Eleanor, come on in.
You, Eleanor Shellstrop, are dead.
Cool.
[upbeat music] You know the way you feel when you see a chimpanzee and a baby tiger who've become friends? [laughter] That's how you're going to feel every day.
Your medical relief mission to Kazakhstan, that really put you over the top, you got a ton of points for that.
Eleanor? I'm Chris Baker.
I'm your soul mate.
Cool.
Bring it in, man.
So where are you from, Chris? I'm from Teaneck, New Jersey, and I was a mailman.
Really? [laughs] Chris, you'll stand by me no matter what, right? Hold that thought.
Is it okay if I go work out? I love working out.
I gotta stay jacked, it's who I am.
Yeah, you gotta.
Once I'm back, we'll get to know each other.
Great.
See ya soon.
- [door closes] - [beep] - Hi there.
- [gasps] - Who are you? - I'm Janet.
I think this is yours.
After I was rebooted, I found it in my mouth.
What? [dramatic music] What the fork is a "Chidi"? Why can't I say "fork"?
In the afterlife, there's a good place and there's a bad place.
You're in the Good Place.
- [sighs in relief] - Eleanor, you are my soul mate.
Chidi, you'll stand by my side - no matter what, right? - Of course I will.
I'm not supposed to be here.
- Wait, what? - Eleanor, Chidi, I would like you to meet Tahani and Jianyu.
- Boop! - Oh! - You booped me.
- I did.
His real name is Jason.
He's a drug-dealing DJ - from Florida.
- What's up, homey? The problem in the neighborhood is me.
- [all gasping] - You have all done bad things since you arrived here.
The Bad Place is owed two people.
You can decide.
Holy motherforking shirtballs.
- This is the Bad Place.
- [cackling] Except for you four, everyone in this neighborhood - is one of us.
- You saw us all on Earth a selfish ass, an idiot DJ, a tortured academic, a hot, rich fraud.
You thought we would torture each other.
The only thing you succeeded in doing was bringing us all together.
That's it! My big mistake was having you be soul mates living next to each other.
Next time, I'll spread you out so it's more of a slow burn.
I'm gonna erase your memories, make a few changes, and start over again.
Just gotta get the boss-man to sign off.
If this thing goes sideways again, you are done.
Do your worst.
We figured it out once, we can do it again.
Janet? Open up.
Because you know what, Michael? You basic You, Eleanor Shellstrop, are dead.
- Cool.
- I'm your soul mate.
You'll stand by me no matter what, right? Hold that thought.
Is it okay if I go work out? I gotta stay jacked.
It's who I am.
- See you soon.
- Hi there.
- [yelps] - I'm Janet.
I think this is yours.
After I was rebooted, I found it in my mouth.
What the fork is a "Chidi"? Why can't I say fork? [suspenseful music] Okay, here we go.
Confidence, Mikey.
Project confidence.
There he is! How's it going, boss-man? Enough chit-chat.
Is everything in place - for version two? - Yup! We're keeping everything from version one that made them miserable, adding a bunch of new stuff that they'll hate.
For example, all the coffee is from those little pods.
[laughs] Diabolical.
Plus, they will all have new soul mates, of course.
You gotta trust me on this, boss.
I've thought of everything.
- I won't let you down.
- I think you will.
I think this entire project of yours is stupid and doomed to fail.
I think you're going to be retired, eliminated from existence and burned on the surface of a billion suns.
And I have no doubt that you and your cockamamy experiment will go down in history as colossal failures.
- You know, I think if - Toodle-oo.
Okay, take two, folks.
Any last questions before we start up again? - Yes.
- Just so I'm clear: we're not pairing them up this time? Correct.
Obviously, the eventual goal is to get them to torture each other, but first we're going to create some nice, individual torment.
In version one making them soul mates, we probably bit off more than we could chew.
We could bite them? I didn't know we were allowed to bite them.
That's an expression, Chuck.
All right, go ahead, Vicky.
Yeah, I have some questions about my new character.
I feel like I got Real Eleanor like, I got her, you know? But this new character, "Denise" I mean, who is she? I don't get her.
Is she a quirky best friend type, or more of a femme fatale, "sexuality is her weapon of choice" type? - Both both those things.
- I have some questions about my character too.
Like - can he bite them? - No.
Okay, reminder: the most important thing tonight and this is crucial you need to get Eleanor drunk at the welcome party, so she will say and do a bunch of bad stuff.
And then we take that stuff and use it to build our chaos sequence in the morning.
For example, you remember last time, she stole all the cocktail shrimp, and we made giant nightmare shrimp fly through the sky? See, it's those details that make her realize she's in danger of being found out.
I know that this kind of large-scale deception is not what you were trained to do.
There are gonna be days when you're just sick of being around these disgusting humans, with their weird, gross little mouths, and their stupid elbows.
You're gonna be tempted to say, "Screw it.
Can't we just go back to HQ "and do this the old-fashioned way? "Pull out some fingernails, toss someone in an acid pit, fire up the old penis flattener?" And sure, sure, that sounds nice.
But it also sounds easy.
We're all here because we believe that there's a better way to make humans miserable.
And I I believe in you.
So, "torture" on three.
Ready? One, two, three all: Torture! - And biting! - Nope! No.
[pleasant music] Hey, lady? Can you come back? Joey? Janine? J Jaja? [scoffs] Why don't I ever listen to people when they talk about themselves? No, it's annoying, and I'm right not to.
Okay, Chidi, where are you? Or what are you? A type of soup, maybe? Hi there.
I'm Eleanor.
Nice to meet you, Eleanor.
I'm Nina.
This is my soul mate, Bart.
Love it.
Love people's names and love learning all about them.
- Where are you all from? - Well, oddly enough, - I was born in Mozambique - Cool.
Listen, do you guys know if there's, like, a neighborhood phone book with everybody's name listed in it? Oh, I don't think so, 'cause, I mean, there's no phones here.
[laughs] There are no phones here? Of course.
Duh! [laughs] There's no use for 'em.
I always prefer talking to people anyway.
People are like nature's apps.
Huh.
Anyway, we're on our way to get some pizza.
Would you like to join us? Maybe we could get to know each other a little bit, - chat.
- Uh, I'm good.
I'm gonna explore a little bit.
But it was so nice to meet you Nina, and B bye-bye.
[uncomfortable string music] Oh, sorry, I didn't see you.
Chidi? Are you Chidi? [otherworldly ringing music] Eleanor? What are you up to? Oh, hey there, Michael.
Just getting to know everyone in the neighborhood.
- Oh! - Who was that mysterious gentleman wearing the nightgown? Oh, that's Jianyu, a Taiwanese monk who never speaks.
Might be a little hard to get to know him.
[laughs] Eleanor you and I both know that you're not like everyone else in this neighborhood.
Everyone here led a remarkable life.
But you the work you did as an environmental activist was just extraordinary! Ah [chuckles] Well, it's the environment.
I mean, I loved, um mushrooms.
- I can honestly say that.
- Well, it paid off, because you were the number one point-getter in this entire neighborhood.
And as such, I was just hoping that you could say a few words at tonight's welcome party.
You know, just to introduce yourself.
How can I say no? [laughs] Can I say no? It doesn't feel like I can say no.
But if I can: - Michael, I'm saying no.
- Okay, so, you'll speak for maybe an hour or so? Hey, you know what? I got you a little something to wear here.
Now, all the top point-getters wear these - on the first night.
- [gasps quietly] [whispering] Oh, you gotta be forking kidding me.
So, long story short, my heart is in the Pope, my liver's in the Dalai Lama, and my teeth were strung into a necklace for a child king in French Polynesia.
But it got me into the Good Place, - so can't complain.
- Wow.
Can I tell you something, - just soul-mate to soul-mate? - Hold that thought.
- I'm gonna head to the gym.
- [laughs] Oh, you're serious.
Again? Right now? Yeah.
I'll catch you later! Hey there, best person! You must be Eleanor.
I'm Jessica, the host.
- Hi.
- Michael told us all about your speech.
I can't wait to hear - what you have to say.
- Me neither, Jessica.
Me.
Neither.
Aw, don't be nervous.
Here.
- Liquid courage.
- Actually, um you know what? I think I need to keep a clear head.
Can you imagine getting drunk before giving a big speech? Getting kicked out of your niece's christening, and then, only later, once you've sobered up, realize you don't even have a niece.
It's like, who was that kid? [chuckles nervously] So, Eleanor, you were an environmental lawyer.
- That's fascinating.
- Yeah.
I know.
Just don't ask me any questions about it.
I am so sick of describing exactly what it means.
Hey, I'm headed to the bar.
Can I grab you something? How about a margarita? - No, I'm good.
- [stammers] Actually, I'm the best according to the sash.
She's still not drinking? Nope.
Something's off.
Should we - [makes chomping sounds] - No.
Keep it together.
[sighs] Ah, screw it.
Couple of quick shots [gasps softly] And then I'm coming for you, shrimpies.
Please don't make this harder than it already is, Chidi.
[bright string music] These are for you.
Drink up.
Hi.
Is your name Chidi? - Yes? - Ah! I knew you weren't a soup.
- What? - Listen to me very carefully.
My name is Eleanor Shellstrop.
We need to talk.
[rushing sound] [door clicks open] Chidi? Come on in.
So there really is an afterlife.
I can't wait to have breakfast with Kant, and lunch with Michele Foucault, and then have dinner with Kant again, so we can talk about what came up at breakfast.
I'm sorry, Chidi all the great philosophers in history [inhales] ended up in the Bad Place.
All of my heroes are Being tortured.
Yes, I'm afraid so.
Actually, it is kind of clever how they punish philosophers.
Every day, they make them go to school naked, and then they take a test in a class they've never been to.
[chuckles] And then they smash them with hammers.
And that part is not so clever.
But the point is: Chidi, you were way better than all of them.
You're safe.
[pleasant music] No way.
Soul mates are real? They sure are.
Although, your soul-mate situation is a little unusual.
Oh, no.
I don't have one, do I? That's fine.
I mean, who needs a soul mate, anyway? My soul mate will be - books! - No, no, it's not that you don't have a soul mate, it's that you have multiple soul mates.
Here.
Now, normally, our omniscient system perfectly analyzes each person's profile, and then matches him or her with another person.
But in your case, the system matched you with two other people.
It's a rare occurrence, like like a double rainbow, or someone on the Internet saying, "You know what? You've convinced me I was wrong.
" So, how do you choose who I should be with? Oh, I don't choose.
You do, Chidi.
I [stammers] What? This is Anglique, Pedro, and Pevita.
According to the system, either Pedro or Chidi could be matched perfectly with either Anglique or Pevita.
So, figure it out.
Should be fun.
Cool beans.
One second, guys.
- Um, so, so, so - Yeah? Yeah, so making decisions isn't necessarily - my strong suit.
- I know that, buddy.
You you once had a panic attack at a make-your-own-sundae bar.
There were too many toppings.
And very early in the process you had to commit to a chocolate palate or a fruit palate, and if you couldn't decide, you wound up with kiwi-Junior-Mint-raisin, and it just ruins everyone's night.
Chidi, I am so sorry.
I literally cannot choose for you.
This has to be your decision.
Buddy, you gotta trust me.
I would never place you in a painful situation.
A- Right.
Um You ready, Chidi? Here you go, Chidi.
One slice of Hawaiian, straight out the oven for you.
I'm Denise.
Welcome to my pizza place.
- Thanks, Denise.
- And here's one for you.
[dismissively] Have a nice day.
It's interesting that Hawaiian pizza is so popular here.
Yeah, I guess a lot of the residents here love it.
Kind of makes you wonder what type of pizza they have in the Bad Place, huh? [both laughing] So, I can't believe you studied in Brisbane.
We must have just missed each other.
- What was your thesis on? - Oh, gosh.
It was so boring.
It was called, "Cultural Relativism and Moral Absolutism: "An Exploration of Values As Seen Through "The Works of Alain LeRoy both: Locke and Immanuel Kant"! Shut up.
You read it? No, but that pairing is the most obvious pairing to employ in a paper with that title, - and I wanna read it so bad! - [laughing] What about Morocco? You ever travel there? [sucks teeth] No.
What about anywhere else? You been anywhere else? No.
So, first impressions? Anyone? I kind of want to hear what Chidi thinks.
Well.
Um I mean, you're both brilliant, accomplished women and Pedro, you're great too.
Just amazing people.
I'm surrounded.
Ahh! [laughs] But, if I had to say who I sort of immediately bonded to, on a gut level, I think I would say that I kind of feel like my soul mate is - Angl - Wait, wait! [panting] There was a mistake in the calculations.
We had a four-hour time gap in your profiles on May 10, 2003.
I corrected that day's events for all of you, and ran the numbers again, and the final result proves definitively that Pedro is Anglique's soul mate, and Chidi, your soul mate is Pevita.
That was close.
[laughs] [groans quietly] Hey, you guys hadn't made a decision yet, had you? No! We did not.
No one said anything.
I didn't hear anything, and I certainly didn't say anything.
That's for darn sure.
[chuckles] - [laughs] - [laughs] [both laughing] [scattered, fading chuckles] Okay.
All right.
See you later.
[classical music playing] This is fun.
It's a fun party.
There's no question about it, this is a fun situation.
Hey, you guys are here.
The fun continues nay, increases! [laughs] You two look nice.
Thanks! And you look [drawing out word] fine.
Would I say you look better than anyone else here? No, I wouldn't say that.
Do you look bad? No.
But good? Would I go as far as to say that you look good? Doubtful.
Hey, wine.
Mmm.
Do I feel like red or white? Oh, deep down in your heart of hearts, you probably already know which one you want.
Why isn't anyone talking? Janet, could you show me to the bar, please? Mm-hmm! Oh, hey! Chidi, right? Denise.
We met earlier, remember? Oh, yeah, hi.
Are you limping? Yeah, I am.
Crazy story.
See, I was a trapeze artist in an illegal circus - in Bangladesh - Anglique.
Hey.
How are you doing? Oh, well, uh [laughs] You know.
My stomach's in knots and I'm stress-grinding my teeth, and it feels like my soul is being suffocated.
You know, just your standard paradise stuff.
How about you? It's been a little uncomfortable.
I think Pedro maybe heard you say - that thing you were gonna say.
- Oh, no.
I'm so sorry.
I But I have to ask.
Do you feel the way I feel? - We can't talk about this.
- Well, I know, but if the numbers were that close, Anglique, I think I'm supposed to Stop! Please don't make this harder than it already is, Chidi.
[bright string music] These are for you.
Hi.
Is your name Chidi? - Yes? - Ah! I knew you weren't a soup.
- What? - Listen to me very carefully.
My name is Eleanor Shellstrop.
- We need to talk.
- About what? Just shut your mouth, smile at me, and walk over here.
Okay, you're definitely my least favorite person [in pain] I've met so far.
Okay, I'm sorry, this is really not a good time.
I'm right in the middle of something.
Dude, I'm guessing we have about 30 seconds to talk before someone notices.
When I got here, some robot lady appeared out of thin air and gave me this.
- You mean Janet.
- Oh, that's it! Janet.
- Hi there.
- Not now, Janet.
- Buzz off.
- Okay.
- [short beep] - Now, I have no memory of writing this, but it is my handwriting.
And that's your name, right? So, for some reason, at some point, I put this note into that whatever-lady's robot mouth.
- You already forgot her name? - No, I didn't.
Her name is - Janet.
- Hi there.
- [gasps] Fork off! - Okay.
- [short beep] - From the second I got here, these nerds have been acting real weird, trying to get me drunk.
My soul mate ditches me every time I try to talk to him, and this Zen-master guy gave me this magic bracelet thing, and then he just ran away.
Something very strange is going on here, and the only person I trust is me, and me told me to find you.
So what's the deal? What's happening? What do you got? Uh I can't [stammers, laughs] Look, I'm I'm sorry, but none of this means anything to me, and I've got my own problems to deal with.
I'm sorry, I can't help you.
Attention, everyone! [glass ringing] Speech time! I know you're probably not a magic wizard trapped in an amulet, but if you are, please get me out of this speech.
[rushing sound] [door clicks open] Tahani.
Come on in.
You're in the good place, Tahani.
Ooh, what a surprise! [laughs] But yes, I accept.
This is your soul mate, Toms.
Now, Toms was a doctor with the International Rescue Alliance, and you raised money that ultimately funded his medical missions.
It's just so perfect! - Aww.
- It's lovely to meet you, - Tahani.
- Charmed, I'm short.
I'm sorry, did I just say "short"? I-I meant to say "charmed, I'm sure," of course, because I am charmed to meet you, it's just an unfortunate Freudian short.
[giggles] Shall we? So, where did you attend medical short? So, this is the living room as well as the kitchen and the bedroom.
It's so cozy.
[laughs] I feel like the walls are just hugging me.
- [laughs] - Michael, I don't mean to be rude, but this is simply absurd.
Yes, thank you.
I didn't want to say anything, but There's only two of us, and we don't need all this space.
- "All this space"? - Oh, of course.
You two humanitarians don't want anything so extravagant.
I'll just get rid of the second floor.
[magical ringing] Okay, I'll let you two have some alone time.
I will see you at the party.
Well certainly is quite quaint.
So, it's just fun.
I daresay even quite charm ah, no.
- What's the matter? - Sorry, it's just a self-portrait of my my sister.
Wonderful.
Your sister is Kamilah Al-Jamil? I used to play her music for my patients.
At times, it felt like Kamilah's songs were curing the malaria for us.
[chuckling] Great.
Well, I best be getting changed for tonight.
- Mm.
- Can hardly wear a day dress - to an evening event.
- Sounds good.
I'm ready whenever you are.
- Is that what you're wearing? - Oh, yeah.
My years treating remote villagers taught me to favor comfort over style.
But you should wear whatever you prefer.
Well, I mean as we are soul mates, perhaps I-I should also dress down.
[classical music playing] You all right, my dear? [chuckling] Yes, just not used to dressing like a plumber-ess.
Is that what you call a female plumber, or is it a toilet sweep? Or clog wench? [laughing sadly] In any case, that's how I'm dressed.
My darling, you are in the Good Place.
Relax.
Feel the breeze on your feet.
That's why Crocs have holes in them.
I'll get us a drink.
Lower that beautiful face for me, won't you? - Lower-lower-lower-lower-lower.
- Okay.
Muah! Tahani? You all right? Michael, hello! Yes, I'm having a splendid time.
Although, if I'm being honest, a few aspects of my day have been sub-optimal.
Really? Like what? [sighing] Well, my house is a bit small, which is fine, it's just not what I'm used to, and Toms is lovely, but we haven't really "clicked" yet, to use a mundane colloquialism which I suppose I should do, now that I'm wearing [voice breaking] Cargo pants.
Tahani, it's very common to experience adjustment pains.
But the system matched you and Toms, and the system is never wrong.
But guess what? This is the Good Place.
If you want your house to be larger, then just ask.
Do you want something this big? Or maybe bigger, like the Taj Mahal.
I know, I know.
How about a moon? Would you like to live on your own private moon? No, no, no.
My house is wonderful.
And really, it's so silly to want a bigger house of all things, here in paradise.
So no, no changes needed.
Okay, all right.
But if you change your mind, just ask.
Because all the other residents are very happy, so it'll give me plenty of time to deal with whatever requests you make.
No demand is too what's the word? Oh, "frivolous.
" Okay? Wow.
That is rough.
Please don't make this harder than it already is, Chidi.
[bright string music] These are for you.
Drink up.
Oh no, no, I [laughing] Hey! Twinsies! - I'm sorry? - Look! Cargo-pants buddies! [chortles] I bet we have a lot in common.
I was a garbage man in Winnipeg.
How about you? Okay [mouths word] Crocs also?! - [glass ringing] - Speech time! I know you're probably not a magic wizard trapped in an amulet, but if you are, please get me out of this speech.
I've asked our top point-getter, here, to say a few words.
So, take it away, Eleanor! [applause] The dictionary defines "best" - as being - [slurring] Oh, God, boring! I'd like to say a few words if nobody minds.
[whispering] Thank you, wizard.
I am Tahani.
Tahani am me.
And even though I wasn't the "number one point-getter," I just wanted to welcome you all to the neighborhood.
You all look so beautiful tonight, with your regular-sized pockets and regular-sized soul mates.
Oh, no offense, darling, wherever you are.
Probably somewhere down there.
Why don't you try to ease her off the stage - and take over yourself? - The point is, we're all good people, right? We all did the right thing whenever we could.
And that's why it's so nice to be here among you, in this massive house that I want.
I want this house.
Give it.
[laughs] No, I'm just kidding.
But really, give me the house.
Hey there, hot stuff.
Can I get you a cup of coffee? Get your hands off me! Oh, you think you're better than I am, don't you, just 'cause you're wearing that.
Look at that terrible placement and angle.
Is this your first time ever wearing a sash? Yeah, it is, but I think if we all just Well give it to me then! [shouts] [guests gasping] I got her off the stage.
[rushing sound] [door clicks open] Jianyu? Come on in.
[pleasant music] Before we start, I know you were a Buddhist monk who kept a vow of silence.
Would you prefer to remain silent here as well? Every resident here in the Good Place has a soul mate.
Now, some of the pairings are platonic, some are romantic, but what you have with your soul mate is unique.
You have a spiritual connection that transcends the physical realm.
This person's gonna be your best bud.
[chuckles] Jianyu, let me introduce you to your soul mate, Luang.
He is also a Buddhist monk, from the Lumbini zone of Nepal.
You and Luang share an identical soul like binary stars, orbiting one another in a perfect, reflective harmony.
You won't ever have a single moment of loneliness, because you'll always be right next to each other for eternity.
Okay, I'm gonna let you two get acquainted.
I'm sure you have a lot to not talk about.
[laughs] Because well, you get it, you get it.
[ambling music] [sighs] [ominous music] Oh sorry, I didn't see you.
Chidi? Are you Chidi? [otherworldly ringing music] - Eleanor? What are you up to? - Oh, hey there, Michael.
Just getting to know everyone in the neighborhood.
- Ah.
- Who was that mysterious [pleasant music] Hello, you beautiful spirits.
Can I offer you two something to drink? - Janet! - Hi there.
This is Janet.
Now, she can get you literally anything you want.
All you have to do is ask.
Of course, you two won't ever want anything, because you're perfectly content.
Oh, I know.
How about something special? Janet, two yak's milks, please.
Enjoy.
[short beeping] [short beep] - [glass ringing] - Speech time! - If we all just - Well give it to me! [shouts] [guests gasping] I got her off the stage.
Tahani? - Are you all right? - Yes, fine.
Never better.
Top of my game, actually.
You'll have to excuse me, 'cause I've got to go, so Oh, look! I've got some shrimp.
In one of my many, many cargo-pants pockets.
[sobs] What the fork is happening? [rushing sound] Okay, here we go.
- How's it going, boss-man? - Enough chit-chat.
Is everything in place for version two? Yup, I've thought of everything.
I won't let you down.
I was just hoping that you could say a few words at tonight's welcome party.
You know, just to introduce yourself.
How can I say no? [laughs] So cozy.
I feel like the walls are just hugging me.
[laughs] How about something special? Janet.
Two yak's milks, please.
Why isn't anyone talking? Janet, could you show me to the bar, please? Mm-hmm.
Michael, may I please speak with you privately? Sure, sure.
It just feels like I used to be Real Eleanor, - and now I'm Denise.
- Denise is a good part, with a a great backstory.
You run the best pizza place in the neighborhood.
You have a cat, and that's cool.
I took this job because it seemed fun and different, and in the original version, I got to break Chidi's heart, like, 20 times, and it was great.
I mean, he was miserable.
And now, Anglique gets to torture him? Anglique is a hack.
I can act circles around her! But I have nothing to do! I am a Ferrari, okay? And you don't keep a Ferrari in the garage.
I hear your concern.
I do.
And I promise you, there is a great arc coming for Denise the pizza lady - in about 80 years or so.
- [sighs] Chidi is going to accidentally kill your cat.
It's gonna give you a great chance to shine.
Can I just have something that makes me stand out? A mysterious past, or a limp! - I want a limp.
- This is supposed to be the Good Place.
Why would Okay, I no, I hear you.
I'll tell you what.
Go nuts, all right? Limp your heart out.
Oh, hey! Chidi, right? Hi.
Are you limping? - How's it going? - [sighs] We're having some trouble with Eleanor.
She's not engaging in conversation, - she's not drinking.
- Eleanor's not drinking? She brought a flask in the car during her driver's test! Okay, we need to keep things moving here.
I'm about to make her talk for an hour.
She'll definitely end up insulting somebody.
[glass ringing] Speech time! We're all good people, right? We all did the right thing whenever we could.
- If we all just - Well give it to me! [shouts] [guests gasping] Tahani? Are you all right? Yes, fine.
Never better.
You'll have to excuse me, 'cause I've got to go.
[mumbling discreetly] - What the fork, man? - I know that book.
Is that some kind of nerd pick-up line? Because it's only kind of working.
No the note you showed me before.
All right, this is from a book called "What We Owe to Each Other.
" I used to teach it.
I was a professor of ethics and moral philosophy.
- All right, brag much? - No, I'm trying to help you.
- Sorry.
Okay.
- I have never seen you before in my life, but I think somehow, that we know each other.
[soft music] That definitely sounded like a pick-up line.
- [sighs] - And I'm not not interested, but we need to figure this out first.
- [groans softly] - It's not that bad, right? I mean, we got a drunken speech.
That's good.
No.
It isn't.
Tahani gave the drunken speech instead of Eleanor.
We can't build a chaos sequence out of Tahani's speech, because she thinks she belongs here ding-dong.
Okay, we can still salvage this.
- Where's Eleanor? - She's gone.
- I can't find her anywhere.
- Maybe she left with Chidi? - He's gone too.
- What? Or maybe she left with Jason.
You lost Jason? How is that even possible? You're only job is to stand next to that idiot.
I got distracted by the fire! I love fire.
You know, my main job is to burn people with fire.
- What's up, guys? - What are you doing here? - Why aren't you with Eleanor? - Oh, I told her I was going to the gym again.
Why would you say that in the middle of a party? - You told me too.
- No, I didn't.
You said that if Eleanor tries to confess that she doesn't belong here, find a reason to avoid her, like saying, "I'm going to the gym," so that's what I've been saying.
That was a suggestion of the type of thing you could say! Don't How many times have you specifically told her you were going to the gym? Five.
- No, nine.
- You dimwit! Hey, man! I was perfectly happy in my old job in the twisting department.
People came in, and I twist them until they snapped in half, and I move on to the next one.
But this job is weird! It's all talk, no twisting.
So if you don't like the way I do it, get somebody else.
I'm going to the gym! Fine.
Yeah, you do that.
You go to the gym.
Okay, we can still pull this off, we just need to find the four humans.
Okay? Okay.
[chuckles] Right now.
Everyone in this room, find those four humans! Are you gonna talk, or just walk around like a nerd trying to get a personal best on his Fitbit? I'm sorry, I'm trying to process a tremendous amount of insane information.
I mean, you're not supposed to be here, but you and I clearly met here, somehow, before now.
I mean does that mean that I'm not supposed to be here? I don't know, dude.
Were you a good person on earth? I I think so.
I spent my life in pursuit of fundamental truths about the uni [gasps] Oh, no! I used almond milk in my coffee, even though I knew about the negative environmental impact.
- What? - Eleanor, what do we do? I don't know, dude! But we better figure it out soon, or we're doomed.
[sneaky music] - Uh, Janet? - [short beep] - Hi there, Jianyu.
- Hi, Janet! Um, can I tell you something? - Sure.
- I'm not Jianyu.
And I'm not a silent monk.
My real name is Jason.
And I don't know what's going on.
I got here and Michael said I'm a monk, and he told me I was gonna have a new best friend, and that we were gonna live in a yogurt.
- A yurt.
- Oh, yeah, "yurt" for short.
I was psyched to meet my new best friend, but he turned out to be this weird silent guy that won't leave me alone.
I don't wanna go back to my yogurt.
- Can I go to your house? - I don't have a house, Jason.
I live in a boundless void.
- Can I go there? - No.
It's a boundless void.
- Okay.
- So, what you're saying is, there are certain aspects of your existence here in the Good Place that are confusing for you, and you're searching for someplace to go where you feel less lonely.
I know somewhere you could go.
- Why did you do that? - Because you were nice to me.
- You're my friend.
- Okay! Okay! Okay, so, if we got all the way to Scanlon, we must have been studying very intensely for a very long time.
Or, you grabbed a random book of mine and just tore a page out.
I'm gonna be honest, that sounds more like me.
[knocking at door] Ah! Eleanor and Chidi.
What a pleasant surprise.
I'm so happy you two have met.
I'm just going door-to-door, apologizing for the commotion earlier tonight.
- Ah.
- The first night in the afterlife can be a little overwhelming.
Don't worry about us, Michael.
We are doing just fine.
Oh, good, good.
Glad to hear that.
Well, it's getting late.
Chidi, allow me to escort you back to your house.
- Um - Uh, hello, all.
Sorry for the late hour, Eleanor.
I wanted to stop by and give you back your sash.
That's okay.
You can just keep it.
No! I don't deserve it.
I made a complete fool of myself tonight.
I interrupted your big speech, badly stained my cargo pants, which, I have to admit, are quite comfortable.
Oh, God, what's happened to me? I'm praising off-the-rack separates! Tahani, please.
It's late.
- I think what we should do - No.
Look, ever since I got here it feels like something's been off.
Tahani.
There you are.
I've been worried sick about you.
That's her soul mate? Is there a second one of him that stands on his shoulders? Chidi! There you are.
I've been worried sick about you.
Okay all right, everybody.
Now we are really imposing on Eleanor here.
Chidi, let's everybody take off Hi, Eleanor.
This person would like to speak with you privately.
About something.
Oh, really? - Yup.
Bye! - [short beep] [whispering] This is the wise monk who gave me the magic amulet.
I gotta figure out what it means.
Could be the key to this entire mystery.
Luang, perfect.
Why don't you take Jianyu back to your yurt, - right away.
- Homey, no! I'm not spending another second with this loser.
You said he was gonna be my best friend, but he is not.
My best friend from Jacksonville was named Pillboi, and he was dope! We would talk together, get high together, throw old batteries at drones together.
But this guy can't hold a camel to Pillboi.
Okay, I no longer think he's a wise monk, and I'm pretty sure this is just a piece of garbage.
Babe, there you are.
I've been worried Let me stop you.
Can I guess? You've been worried sick about me.
I'm headed to the gym.
Sure, why not? - I'm quite confused.
- Let me explain, gorgeous.
I don't know what this place is, but it is certainly not the Good Place.
Michael is forking with us.
- Like a prank show.
- Yeah, like a prank show.
Except according to this note, it's a prank show we've all been on before.
- What note? - Apparently, I wrote myself a note, and stuck it in that Jackie lady's mouth.
Janet.
Her name is Janet.
- Oh, right, Janet.
- Hi there.
- Hi Janet! - Hi Jason.
[cackling] Are you kidding me? Eleanor Shellstrop, you sneaky little so-and-so.
That was some very quick thinking.
I'm extremely impressed.
And to be honest I'm relieved.
At least there's an explanation for why this all went south so fast.
But you're not gonna be so lucky next time.
- Next time? - What? - Yeah.
[laughs] - He's gonna do it again! That's not gonna work this time - dummy.
- Okay, excuse me.
I'm sorry, but this is unacceptable.
I demand to speak to your superior.
I am so sorry, madam.
Please forgive me.
Well, as humans like to say, third time's the charm, right? [employees grumbling] I take full responsibility for the false start.
But I assure you all, there is no note this time.
I'll prove it to you.
Janet! - [short beep] - Hi there.
Hi, Janet.
Open your mouth please.
Thank you.
[skin squelching] See, no notes.
No clues or loopholes nothing in there! Thank you, Janet.
So, let's all just pretend the last attempt never even happened.
- Questions.
- Maybe it's none of our business, but did you tell Shawn - what happened? - Yes, I did.
And he completely understood.
[chuckling] As a matter of fact, he found the whole thing kind of funny.
But he was very supportive, and he says he's very excited for us to get going again.
So, anyone else? Anybody? No? Then let's get out there and make some miseries! Testing, one, two, three [digital beeping] - Hey there, boss-man.
- You were supposed to call me - this morning, give me an update.
- Oh.
[laughs] Right, sorry.
Yeah, it's just the the chaos sequence was going so well better than the first time, in my opinion.
Eleanor got completely drunk last night.
She talked for, like, an hour.
You know, even flashed somebody, so we had a lot to work with.
So, attempt number two is on track so far? Oh, smooth as silk.
Everything's great.
- [tortured screaming] - Oh! Sounds like everything's going well back there too.
We're trying out the new butthole spiders.
- Ah! - They're enormous.
You know, good old-fashioned torture the way it's supposed to be.
Good luck with attempt number two.
And remember, there will be no attempt number three.
[digital beeping] [tense string music] Eleanor.
Come on in.
This is daily notes log for attempt number three of my neighborhood experiment.
Obviously, I hope and assume this will be the final version.
No, I know it will be.
All the kinks have been worked out.
This is the one.
And after I pull this off, they're gonna hang my picture in the Bad Place Hall of Fame right next to the guy who invented bees with teeth.
You, Eleanor Shellstrop, are dead.
Cool.
I'm Chris Baker.
I'm your soul mate.
Bring it in, man.
Sorry, I must ask, why are you wearing a sash that says "best person" on it? Apparently, I am the number one points-getter in the entire neighborhood.
Is that so? I always have to have my sashes custom-made due to my height and bosom size.
Also, apparently, sashes are out this season.
The diagonal line really draws one's eye to the chin bloat.
Go fork yourself, you mean giraffe.
Run! Giraffes! Giraffes! Run! Oh! Mean giraffes are destroying the neighborhood.
Gah! Oh, boy.
Hey, robot slave lady? Busty Alexa? - Oh, Janet? - Hi, there.
Gah, still not used to it.
Hey, what if I, an already amazing person who definitely belongs here, wanted to learn even more about how to be a good person? Is one of these nerds, like, a teacher or a life coach or an Instagram fitness model or something? Eleanor, I'd like you to meet Chidi Anagonye.
Chidi, this is Eleanor.
Janet tells me you were a professor of some kind.
Yes, I was a professor of ethics and moral philosophy focusing on deontology.
Hang on one second, Cheebee.
This guy's too big of a nerd.
Who else you got? - Michael, what do we do here? - I don't know.
Apparently, the Bad Place knows that one of you actually belongs down there with them, and they want that person to get inside the obelisk, or they're gonna take all of you.
I can't go.
I'm too young to die and too old to eat off the kids' menu.
What a stupid age I am.
I'd never survive down there.
They should take Eleanor.
She's a pear shape.
- She'd fit right in.
- Oh, excuse me.
You wish you could have a bite of this pear.
I'll go.
I deserve to go.
You guys can stay.
- Chidi, you're not going.
- No, I have to go.
Holy forking shirt.
You guys, don't you get it? Michael is torturing us.
That's why our lives have been so miserable since the moment we got here.
This isn't the Good Place.
It's the Bad Place.
Ahh, farts.
Okay, attempt number 11.
Let's focus on the positives.
Eleanor always hates her house.
Tahani always hates Eleanor.
Jason hates being quiet.
Chidi immediately gets a stomachache.
So there's a lot to work with here.
Hang on one second, Cheeto.
So it's gonna be a hard pass on Superdork Jones over there.
Anybody else you got to teach me? You guys ready for our lesson? We're talking David Hume today, bundle theory of the self, baby.
Sounds like a real banger, but you guys gotta scram.
My soul mate has some sort of surprise planned for me, and he seems very excited about it.
Well, you two are certainly getting along very well these days.
Yeah, I'm actually kind of into Sebastian lately.
I mean, he's a little hokey, but he's growing on me a little bit.
My love, my sweet dewdrop I have written you a three-hour Spoken word jazz opera Cool.
Eleanor, less and more Who's it for? For you, my dewdrop cream of the crop Top to the bop to the bop to the top - Okay, no, no.
- What? No version of heaven for anyone would ever include three hours of this.
We're in the Bad Place, aren't we? Damn it.
That was a real trip for biscuits, and now we're all wet, Daddy-O.
I never even got to play my stupid triangle.
No, no, no, no, Michael, please, please, please! Please don't kill me.
I have so much to live for.
I'm sorry, Janet, got to reboot you every time I start over.
Oh, I know.
I'm not actually upset.
It's just the automatic fail-safe mechanism that kicks in every time you approach the plunger.
- Go ahead.
- Ah.
Michael, you monster! Attempt 32.
Attempt 57.
Attempt 99.
Attempt 108.
I've analyzed some recent data.
Eleanor always seems to realize that they're in the Bad Place - just at the moment that - Excuse me.
Sorry, the door was open, so I just came in.
Did you just say I'm in the Bad Place? Attempt 109.
I've closed and locked the door.
Uh, yep, and we're ready to go.
This is your soul mate Greg.
This is your soul mate Glenn.
This is your soul mate Tahani.
This is your soul mate Lerf.
This is your soul mate, a golden retriever.
Hang on.
Wait a minute.
You know what? Holy smokes.
This is the Bad Place.
This is the Bad Place! This is the Bad Place.
This is the Bad Place.
The pig's getting angry.
This is the Bad Place! Bees, bees, bees, bees.
Oh! Oh, this is the Bad Place.
Shh! Michael, Michael, if I'm gone, who will take care of my birds? Michael, no, no, no, no, no! I I'm pregnant.
And it's your baby.
I have tickets to "Hamilton" next week, and there's a rumor that Daveed Diggs is coming back.
Janet, we've been through this hundreds of times.
I mean, can you just chill out? Is that possible, Janet? Can you just chill out a little? Nope, it's gonna be the same every time.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
No, no, no! No, Michael! Please, please, calm down.
Calm down.
All right, okay, calm down.
Calm down.
I mean, why even bother at this point? I'm obviously never gonna get it right.
"I'm Eleanor.
I'm so smart.
I'm actually in the Bad Place.
" Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Shawn still thinks I'm on version two.
I just keep lying to him, and it's really bad, but I I mean, I have to keep trying.
I'm in too deep.
And I'm really fat right now.
I'm stress-eating, and I'm gaining weight in my thighs.
I mean, look at that.
Ohh.
So sorry.
Who are you? And where am I? It doesn't matter.
This one doesn't even count.
Hang on one second, Chili.
This guy sucks.
Who else you got? I can hear you.
Michael, you simply cannot expect Chidi to decide whether Eleanor goes to the Yo, yo, homies, check it.
There's something messed up with this place.
We keep fighting with each other.
None of the TVs get the NFL RedZone channel.
My soul mate doesn't even know who Blake Bortles is.
I know this sounds crazy, but I think we're in the Bad Place.
Jason figured it out? Jason? This is a real low point.
Yeah, this one hurts.
Ow.
Okay, this might be the one.
We're a week in.
Chidi's teaching Eleanor, but she hates it.
Tahani still thinks that Jason's a monk.
Everyone's miserable.
I'm so happy.
Fingers crossed.
Vicky, where is everyone? They're not coming, Michael.
You have lost control of this experiment, so we are on strike until our demands are met.
I speak for the entire crew, Michael.
We're sick of it.
We can barely remember what we're supposed to be doing anymore, plus I spent weeks perfecting this excellent Australian accent, I did.
And then I never got a chance to use it.
You're still upset about the size of your part? Yes, I want a more important role.
But that's just my demand; all 318 of us have something we want to do differently.
Some people want bigger houses.
Gayle wants a different backstory where she was an MMA fighter? Gunnar wants to bite and/or nibble on humans while they sleep.
You do know, Vicky, that if I were to do some of these that it would be a dead giveaway? And I can help you explain that to them.
But some of these are doable.
And you're gonna do 'em.
So Aristotle believes your character is voluntary, because, uh are you ignoring me right now? It's day two of our ethics lessons, and you're already tuning out? No, sorry, I just got distracted for a second.
The last thing I remember you saying is nothing.
Can you start from the beginning? Okay, I need a little break.
Can we take a walk or something, maybe get some clam chowder? - Where is everyone? - Who knows? Maybe they finally figured out clam chowder is disgusting 'cause it's basically a savory latte with bugs in it.
Is someone smoking a cigar? Michael really screwed this up.
The regular Bad Place was fine.
If the four-headed flying bears ain't broke, don't fix 'em.
What was wrong with impaling? I loved impaling.
Hey, Todd, got a light? Uh, yeah, obviously I have a light.
You know, you guys aren't supposed to be smoking.
You're supposed to keep your human suit on.
Those suits are really itchy for us.
Who even cares if they see us? They're just gonna get rebooted anyway.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
This is the Bad Place.
I forking knew it! And clam chowder is disgusting.
It's just hot ocean milk with dead animal croutons.
Okay, but what do we do, panic, freak? I usually panic, but I am happy to freak.
No.
We have to stay cool.
As my mom always used to say, if a cop handcuffs you to a bike rack, there's always something you can gnaw through.
Your mom always said that? Think.
Come on, brain.
- Janet! - Hi, there.
- How can I help you? - Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
How do we know she's not a part of it? We don't, but we gotta risk it.
Janet, can we, like, leave the neighborhood, get as far away as possible? Is there anywhere we can go? So we're in the Bad Place, and I know why: almond milk.
I knew it was bad for the environment, but I loved the way it coated my tongue with a weird film.
Who else is being tortured? Are we the only two? I got to assume Jason is as well Jianyu.
You know him as Jianyu, but his real name is Jason, and he's a dirtbag from Florida.
- What? - Also, Tahani is a candidate as far as I'm concerned.
Yesterday, she told me that she was Taylor Swift's best friend but Taylor Swift wasn't her best friend.
She sucks.
No offense, but I can't believe you and I ended up in the same place.
Hey, I'm not thrilled about it either, bud.
I always assumed the afterlife was full of cool people, not talking sweater vests.
- You - We're here.
Aren't trains neat? Choo-choo.
Hi.
You gotta help us.
I'm Eleanor.
This is Chidi.
And see, we thought we were in the Good Place, - but as it turns out - Yeah, guys.
I know.
You've been here 15 times already.
What? Did you bring the cocaine I asked for? Please tell me you somehow remembered this time.
Mama needs her medicine.
We've met before? - I'm Janet.
- I know.
Vicky, let's look at the big picture here.
Now, if you all can just stick with my plan and we pull it off, we'll be heroes.
You could write your own ticket.
You might even land the Jared from Subway account.
Yeah, but I don't think you can pull it off.
You can't even pull off those bow ties.
That was very mean, but I'm gonna move past that in the name of unit cohesion.
You're gonna reboot those four dum-dums one more time, and then I'm taking over.
I'm going to execute my version of this neighborhood.
You see, I've been working on it while all of your versions fell apart.
This is insubordination.
And if you do not do what I tell you immediately, you are going down.
That's a complete report of every mistake you've made, every screw-up, every reboot all laid out in excruciating detail.
Now, I'm sure your boss would love to hear all about how "attempt number 2" is really going.
So actually, if you don't do what I say, you're going down.
Down under.
Is it always the three of us? It's always at least Eleanor and Janet.
Usually Chidi's in the mix.
Sometimes Jason is here.
One time, Jason and Tahani were here.
But you know what? No matter what the combo is, I always ask you guys to bring me cocaine next time, and you never do.
Do you have anything I can snort, like a crushed-up aspirin or some eye shadow or cocaine? Still no.
There's only one question we need to answer right now, and that is, what do we do next? I mean, this place doesn't seem terrible.
- Maybe we should just stay here forever.
- Maybe we should just stay here forever.
You always say that.
And you always end up going back.
I mean, sometimes you go back because you feel bad your friends don't know what you know.
Sometimes you go back because you walk in on me while I'm masturbating, and sometimes you go back because I walk in on you while I'm masturbating.
But no matter what, you always go back.
You formulate a plan to defeat Michael, and you head back.
Okay, a plan.
We need a plan, but - What if we come up with a plan - What if we come up with a plan - we've already tried before? - we've already tried before? - Will you please stop that? - Will you please stop that? Yeah, just to help you out a little, I've written down every plan you've ever come up with, which obviously never worked, because you're here, and you're back, so good luck.
"Physically attack Michael.
"Seduce Michael.
"Make Michael think he's the one in the Bad Place.
Catch that magic panda.
Use her powers.
" Oh, I'm guessing that was Jason.
That guy has no idea what's going on.
Hello? Hello.
Where is everyone? - Janet? - Hey, there, Jason.
Oh, hey, homey.
Uh, I mean Jason? Who is Jason? I am a monk.
You know what Can I talk to you for a second? I'm in a tight spot, and I could use someone to bounce some ideas off of, okay? Oh, yeah, real quick, you're really in the Bad Place, and you're being tortured.
What? I know it says here that we already tried throwing Tahani under the bus, but maybe we should revisit that.
Throw her a little bit harder.
Maybe under a bigger bus.
What do you think? I think this is pointless.
We're trapped in a warped version of Nietzsche's eternal recurrence.
Oh, cool, more philosophy.
That'll help us.
Well, don't you see the problem? We are experiencing karma, but we can't learn from our mistakes, because our memories keep getting erased.
It's an epistemological nightmare.
Ugh, even your nightmares are boring.
You you are so mean, Eleanor.
You're just like those childhood bullies who said I would never get tenure.
And you are so irritating! In one of these reboots, I probably strangled you and then went to the Even Worse Place, but you know what? I bet it was worth it.
Oh, nice.
Ugh! Sorry, can I just vent to you for a second? Chidi is so annoying.
I just I cannot believe that he is the one I'm stuck here with.
Uh-huh, wow, crazy.
Oh, sorry.
Jeez, man, I thought you could be human for, like, two seconds and listen to me.
I have, Eleanor.
I have listened to you talk about Chidi 15 times in 15 different ways.
Let me just cut to the chase.
You two, you got it bad for each other.
No, we don't.
Chidi's just a friend.
What am I saying? He's not even a friend.
He's just a weird teacher that I hate.
Dude, I do not want to watch "Cannonball Run 2" right now.
All right, what happened in the first one, so I'm all caught up? I don't know what's gonna happen to us, but I need to tell you something.
I love you.
And you don't need to respond 'cause I know you have trouble saying how you feel I love you too.
Very funny, but that that's obviously not real.
Oh, that's real, baby.
That's real nasty.
Yeah, this was, like, the sixth time you guys were here.
I saw you getting sexy the previous three times, so I cut a little hole in the wall so I could tape you.
Call it my lookin' hole.
Is that a camera? Mindy, you pervert! How many times have Chidi and I slept together? 8 different days, but, like, 20 different sessions.
And how many times did we say that stuff? Oh, only once.
Oh, God, I hated it.
It, like, really killed the vibe for me.
See, after I watch the porno I made starring you, I watch you talk about your feelings to cool down.
It's, like, anti-porn.
I've only ever said "I love you" to two men my entire life, Stone Cold Steve Austin and a guy in a dark club who I mistook for Stone Cold Steve Austin.
I mean, why would you show me that? I don't know.
You guys are, like, trapped here together.
I feel bad.
You know, I'm rooting for you guys.
No, there is no "us guys.
" We basically just met each other.
No, Eleanor.
You guys have known each other a really long time.
Also, it doesn't matter if I told you that or not, because when Michael finds out he's failed again, he'll just reboot you.
Chidi, Janet, we're leaving.
I am taking this with me.
Oh, no.
It's my only copy.
Don't.
How did it come to this? I was just trying to do something innovative and different that would improve the way we make humans' lives miserable for eternity.
Mm, well Shut up.
What are my options? Do I have any? I mean, I can't go along with her plan.
It'll be a spectacular failure.
But I can't ignore her or she'll rat me out to Shawn.
I'm trapped.
You're saying a lot of words right now, and I only know some of them, like "rat" and "Jason," but I know a little wisdom I can give you.
I know everything that happened in your life, and it was all stupid, so I highly doubt that.
I was a member of a 60-person dance crew in Jacksonville.
We were called Dance Dance Resolution: We Resolve To Dance.
One day, Donkey Doug and I got into a fight because I'd framed his girlfriend for boogie board theft, so he started a new dance crew called Hashtag DougLife and immediately challenged us to a dance-off.
He said, "Meet us inside the abandoned orange juice factory at midnight.
" That night, as the clock struck 12:00, me and my crew came together with a determination we had never shown before and slashed all their tires.
It was dope.
The end.
By Jason Mendoza.
You know, that inane story actually contains a bit of good advice.
Thank you, Jason.
You got it, homey.
I give good advice.
Guess that's why I'm in the Good Place.
Oh, there you guys are.
No, stop, no more lies.
Jason, get over here.
That's right.
We know his name is Jason, not Jianyu.
We know everything.
I don't understand much of it, but, yeah, I know it.
Your sick torture plan is not working, okay? 'Cause we keep figuring out your little puzzle.
We're winning, which means you're losing.
So you have two choices here, buddy: keep failing over and over or realize we're actually the ones with all the power here.
Yeah, no, uh We're on the same page.
- What? - I want to team up with you guys.
What? Why? You do? What? I'm in a bit of a bind, and I could use some backup, or as Jason put it, um, I need a new dance crew.
So what do you say? New best friends? Stop it.
We're on the same page.
I wanna team up with you guys.
What? Why? You do? What? I'm in a bit of a bind and I could use some backup.
So, what do you say? New best friends? You wanna team up? You've been torturing us - and lying about it.
- Let's not get all caught up on who lied to who or which one of us created an entire fake reality in order to cause eternal misery for the others.
That's ancient history.
It was happening until 20 seconds ago.
The point is that circumstances have changed.
And now, all of us teaming up is our best option.
I love being on teams.
Oh, we need a team name.
Um the Bobcats.
- Great.
- Slow down, ding dong.
He wouldn't offer us a deal for no reason.
He needs us.
- Why? - Because, as you said, you keep beating me.
Look, I built this neighborhood as a way to torture the four of you psychologically for thousands of years.
And you keep figuring it out and taking all the fun out of it.
- Fun? - Today, there was a new development that really chapped my nips.
One of my employees is blackmailing me.
Vicky.
She runs the clam chowder place in the main square.
- A Little Bit Chowder Now.
- Oh, the place with the the chowder fountain.
No, that's Pump Up the Clam.
A Little Bit Chowder Now has the lazy river of chowder.
Ugh! How did we ever think this was the Good Place? Vicky thinks that she can run this neighborhood better than I can.
And she wants to start her version in 30 minutes.
I am supposed to reboot you, erase your memory and turn control over to her.
How are we supposed to team up with you if you wipe our memories again? Easy.
I'm not going to.
You're going to act like you've been rebooted and pretend that Vicky and the others are torturing you.
But then, on your own time, in private, you can study ethics, ogle mailmen, - do whatever you want.
- Can I play iPad? - Sure you can, buddy.
- Yes.
Guys, there's no debate here.
My boss gave me two chances to make this work.
Suffice to say, I tried more than two times.
If he finds out, we're all in hot water.
Literally.
They will boil us.
We will be the main ingredient in a chowder of pain.
Human meeting.
Bedroom.
Now.
Oh, yeah, um, that no stair thing, that was part of the torture.
- Let me help you.
- [bell dings] [shimmering tone] Son of a bench.
- Anyone have any ideas? - You know, believe it or not, I actually found myself in a very similar situation a few years ago, except in that instance, Michael was Javier Bardem and the Bad Place was Vanessa Redgrave's panic room.
Okay, stop talking.
Do not talk again for 100 hours.
- What do we do? - We team up with Michael.
Okay, hot take, but I like your confidence.
- Tell me why.
- He has a bow tie.
Oh, no.
I always trust dudes in bow ties.
Once, this guy in a bow tie came up to me at the gun range in a Jacksonville bus station and said he'd give me $600 if I put these weird turtles in my duffle bag and brought them to Daytona Beach.
So I hotwired a swamp boat to Daytona and the guy paid me the $600.
My point is, you always trust dudes in bow ties.
[grunts] Ahh! Look, Michael's a liar.
I know liars.
It was my job to trick people into buying fake medicine and I was the top salesperson - seven years in a row.
- I thought you only - worked there five years.
- Proves my point! This is a trick.
- There's no way we trust him.
- I agree.
He could be lying about this whole thing.
For all we know, you three are in the Bad Place and I'm up in the Good Place, where I belong, being tested.
- How would that even - I don't know, - but it's possible.
- Before we do anything, we need more information.
We should ask him every question we can think of.
- Yes.
- Yes, we shall grill him like the flank of a Niberian piglet.
I'm sorry, has it been 100 hours? [bell dings] Okay, man.
We got questions.
First off, how can we possibly trust you? You can't.
But you have to.
Logically, you shouldn't but you have no choice.
I mean, I wouldn't, if I were you.
It's a crazy thing to do.
- But you gotta.
- What happens if we don't? Most likely, I reboot you once more, you figure it out again, Vicky tells my boss, he shuts everything down.
I get punished, you end up spending the rest of eternity in the real Bad Place, up to your necks in a volcano full of scorpions.
I'll tell you what I want to know right now before we go any further.
Did the Jacksonville Jaguars win the Super Bowl last year? [chuckles] Oh, you're serious.
Uh, no.
Will they ever win the Super Bowl? Jason, I can't predict the future.
But no.
[laughs] They won't.
Okay, well I just have, like, 12 more Jaguar questions No, you don't.
Hey, Janet? - Hi, there.
- Do you have something shiny Jason can play with? [gasps] How many different versions of this place have we been through? Uh, let's see.
802.
The longest one was 11 months.
Uh, this current one has only been going for one week.
Boy, you guys barely know each other.
It's gonna make this tough.
What's that super tiny line? That's the shortest one, eight seconds.
It was a butt reboot.
I sat on the activator by mistake.
Michael, was I also rebooted 802 times? Yes.
Why? Every time a Janet is rebooted, she increases her social awareness and abilities.
I might be the most advanced Janet in the universe.
So Janet isn't with you.
No.
There has to be a Janet in every neighborhood, good and bad.
This one is an actual Good Place Janet that I stole to help sell the ruse.
I guess it didn't work, though.
Because you keep failing.
- Yes, thank you.
- You're welcome.
If you're not human, why do you look like us? Everyone in the Bad Place Bureau of Human Affairs gets randomly assigned a human body so we can get the feel of how best to torture you.
I gotta say, it took me a long time to get used to - the hanging bits.
- Gross.
Oh, get your mind out of the gutter, Eleanor.
I was talking about my testicles.
Mindy St.
Clair's is fake, I bet.
No, the Medium Place is real.
So annoying how you managed to slip away from me - all those times.
- Why even tell us about any real thing? Why not just lie about all of it? Lies are always more convincing when they're closer to the truth.
That's true.
I crashed a lot of open bar weddings as Eileen Shelbourne.
Even dated a groomsman for a few months.
So I had to keep the name, and he got Eileen - tattooed on his neck.
- Seriously?! How are she and I in the same place? - Oh, get over yourself.
- Trust me, don't trust me, it doesn't matter.
We're running out of time, and I'm your only option.
We're running out of time and I'm your only option? A lot of guys your age said that to me just as the bar was about to close.
But I never settled for them.
Because my ex-boyfriend lived nearby, he was obsessed with me and he never slept because he was addicted to Adderall.
There is always another option.
You guys do whatever you want.
- I'm out.
- No! My plan only works if all four of you - are on board.
- Then you better get cracking on a new plan, pally, because so far, I haven't heard a single good reason why I should help you.
All right, how about this? You help me trick Vicky and all those other goons, I can get you to the real Good Place.
There's a way to get to the real Good place.
It's complicated.
It may take a while to arrange especially since I'll have to do it in secret but yes, yes, there is a potential method of transportation.
Wait, is it nice? Is there a business class? Can I pre-board? Yeah, let's not worry about that right now.
I can get us there.
Us? You, Mr.
Diabolical Torture Guy are gonna try to join us in the Good Place? Yeah, if I stay in the Bad Place, I'm doomed.
But if I rescue four pitiful, foul-smelling humans from eternal damnation hit 'em with the big puppy dog eyes.
Please, sir, take pity on me, I've changed and all that crap, maybe I can earn a spot, too.
We didn't deserve the Good Place based on our time on Earth.
Will they even let us stay? I gotta be honest, I have no idea.
But at least if you help me fool Vicky, your brains don't get erased every two weeks.
Okay, all humans who have not already been suckered by Michael, another team meeting.
This is definitely a trap.
We figured out his game every time and now he's just trying a new way to mess with us.
Teaming up with a demon is insane.
Maybe.
But I think we have to do it.
Are you forking kidding me right now? You take a half an hour to pick out a turtleneck, and yet this you're sure about? Okay, look, I spent my whole life trying to learn about right and wrong and apparently, I failed.
I want us to get better and I want us to stay that way.
You understand that, right, Tahani? I understand nothing.
Hey! Same here! Michael, there's been a mistake.
I belong in the Good Place.
The real one with the good people.
Who do I speak to about correcting this? Me and you're wrong.
Very well.
I would like to speak to your manager.
Listen, sweetheart, you've only been in this timeline for about a week.
So I think I'm gonna fast forward things a bit.
There's a very good reason why you ended up here.
You never cared about the people you were helping.
You did it only for fame or status or to spite your family.
That is utter tosh! I had my flaws, just like anyone else, but I raised billions for charity.
I was a good person and I defy you or anyone else to prove otherwise.
You know, in all the reboots, I never showed you how you died.
I was saving it in case I ever needed to really make you miserable.
But it's hilarious.
Of course, I mean sad.
But it might help you come to grips with who you really were.
Do you want to remember it? Tahani Al-Jamil, social activist, philanthropist, neck model and now cover girl for "International Sophisticate Magazine.
" - Tahani, welcome.
- Oh, it's such an honor.
I have long dreamt of being one of the women or yachts who grace your cover.
Let's begin with your sister, Kamilah.
A woman who as you know was offered the spot on our cover, but turned it down.
I actually didn't know that.
Please, carry on.
Well, next week, Kamilah will travel to Cleveland, Ohio to become the youngest person ever inducted into the Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame.
Remarkable.
Is there a question? Don't you find that remarkable? Kamilah is very impressive.
As you know, she released her debut album only six months ago and yet, the critics thought it was so brilliant that the Hall of Fame decided to waive its 25 year waiting period.
Sadly, I will not be attending the ceremony because I will be in Haiti on a relief mission.
Perhaps we should talk more about that.
Perhaps we should.
But first, another question about Kamilah.
Don't you think she and I would be friends? We have a lot in common, we are both Capricorn, and we're both only children.
I'm sorry, I forgot about you.
[upbeat club music] Kamilah! Congratulations.
You have all the attention.
Once again.
- Who are you? - Really? Good Lord.
Tahani! You're a cocktail waitress now.
Honestly, I think this is the right move for you.
No, it's just that my own sister didn't even deign to invite me to her little soiree.
So I had to weasel my way in here like some common weasel.
But I was supposed to be in Haiti being photographed helping people, but instead I delayed my trip by a day to come here and tell you off.
No, you came to do what you always do: make a scene and embarrass yourself.
So I'm just an embarrassment to you? Is that what you think of me? Honestly, I don't really think about you.
[laughs] No! Ow.
Thing just ah! I'll bring you down! I will bring you down.
Come on.
Come on! Come down to the ground where you belong, will you [screams] - Oh, no.
- Mm.
I died in Cleveland? I don't think that should be your biggest takeaway - from that story.
- Is that really all I cared about? Just outshining my sister and gaining praise and acclaim? I mean, I did gain praise and acclaim.
You know, I dare say on some occasions, more praise and acclaim than my sister, Kamilah, so Oh.
Oh, I see.
- Oh, God.
- Oh, come on, now.
It's not all bad.
Imagine you're me and you're designing a torture chamber for people who think that they belong in the Good Place.
I mean, you were perfect.
But I've always wanted to be perfect at something I just never thought it would be the perfect stooge.
I want to do it.
I want to become the person I pretended to be.
I agree with Chidi.
We should team up with Michael and all try to build a better Tahani.
Great.
Yet again, it's everyone against Eleanor.
Because everyone except Eleanor is an idiot.
Why am I the only person who clearly sees - what's going on here? - It's not that we don't understand the risks, we just wanna become better people and this is our best chance.
Oh, I get it.
'Cause you're so much better than me.
- That's what this is about? - Hang on, don't lash out at us just because of - your innate distrust.
- Lash out? No, it's not about who's better.
[crosstalk] I have no idea what's going on right now but everyone else is talking - and I think I should too! - [laughs] What is so funny? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be laughing.
How do I explain this? I'm basically an exterminator and you're cockroaches.
My job was to squish you and poison you and yet, somehow, my very survival now depends on you, the cockroaches, agreeing to help me.
- That's funny.
- We're cockroaches to you? Yeah.
Or dung beetles.
I don't know.
Something small and gross that creeps on the ground in its own filth.
- Just being honest.
- [laughs] Okay, okay, okay, okay.
- All right, forget about him.
- Oh! Forget about him, focus on us.
Kant wrote it is our duty to improve ourselves.
So whatever Michael's reasons for doing this, he's giving us the best chance to improve ourselves.
Okay, I have to admit, you're making a lot of sense right now.
I need to just untangle all of this.
Give me a minute to think about it alone.
Okay.
[circus music] - Janet? - Hi, there.
Call me a train.
Fill it to the brim with cocaine.
I'm going back to Mindy St.
Clair's house.
- Gonna bail, huh? - Hm? No.
Why why would you say that? Well, you got a bag full of clothes, you stuffed a bunch of pillows and a mop in your bed to make it look like you're asleep and you're literally sneaking out the back gate.
Okay.
I'm going to Mindy's.
I don't want to live forever in a boring, beige house with a weird, horny cokehead, but look at what you're asking me to do.
Make a deal with an actual devil so that I can then do homework in secret.
And by the way, you're not my friends, man.
We've known each other for, like, a week.
You know it's more than that.
We've been through some version of this 800 different times.
And who cares that it's only been a week? How long do you have to know someone before you - do the right thing? - Nine weeks, minimum.
- Okay.
- Look, bro, I don't owe you anything.
I gotta do what's right for me.
You can come with me if you want.
I got another mop we can put in the bed.
Good luck.
[melancholy music] I got a couple more questions.
Sure.
Take your time.
We're not in a hurry or anything.
How many times in all the reboots did I ask Chidi for help, he refused to help me and then I had to get better on my own? Never.
He always helped you.
God.
- Really? - Yep.
No matter how I set it up, you found him, confessed you didn't belong, asked him for help, and he said yes.
Now his agreeing to help was part of my plan.
What wasn't part of my plan was it actually working.
Drove me nuts.
Pesky little nerd.
Stuck with you and always helped you overcome your biggest problem.
Assuming that's my selfishness.
No.
No, no, no.
It's that you never found a haircut that framed your face properly.
- Yes, your selfishness.
- I'm not that selfish.
Eleanor, your cocaine and escape train are ready.
- Not now.
- Okay.
I think Michael is a liar.
I think there's a 99% chance he's forking with us.
But he's asking us for help, so we should help him.
Because that's what Chidi would do.
That's what Chidi would do for me or for any of us.
- It's what I am doing.
- I know.
It's just you're talking about me like I'm not here or something and that just makes me feel weird.
All right.
We're all in.
We'll help you.
You finally listened to reason.
On one condition.
You wanna be on our team, you gotta be on our team.
Which means the professor over here is gonna give us all lessons on how to be better people.
Including you.
Oh, no.
No, I won't be taking any classes.
I'm an immortal being with abilities you can only dream Yeah, and we're in Arizona, dirtbag.
A human turtleneck, a narcissistic monster, and literally the dumbest person I've ever met.
And who am I? Describe me now.
We are all going to take classes.
We are all going to improve.
And the second you betray us, I walk into Vicky's stinky chowder restaurant and tell her everything.
You agree to those terms, and you can join us on Team Cockroach.
So what's it gonna be? You're running out of time.
And we're your only option.
[chuckles] So it's all frozen yogurt places now, huh? Yeah, yogurt was what we started with.
A lot of us like the first version best so we went back to 322 perfectly matched human souls, blended together in a blissful, harmonic balance.
- Well done.
- I've only given this opening day tour to you like, 800 times.
Hey, how's this for my oh-my-God-I'm-in-Heaven face? - Not bad.
- Right? I'm a pretty good liar.
Now I wanna introduce someone that you're gonna get to know very well.
She was the top point getter, so she'll be helping me out around the neighborhood, kind of like your mayor.
Vicky Sengupta! [applause] Vicky, would you like to say a few words? Actually, Michael, I'd like to sing a few words.
Janet, hit it.
[Gloria Gaynor's "I Will Survive"] At first I was afraid, I was petrified Kept thinking I could never live Without you by my side We should have a few hours to ourselves.
Vicky's working on her performance for the welcome party tonight.
It looks like pretending to enjoy her singing is gonna be half our job here.
I got her to tell me how she was gonna torture you at the party, which is basically the same way I did.
Eleanor gets drunk, hogs all the shrimp, insults people, etcetera.
Whatever bad stuff you do becomes the basis for the chaos tomorrow morning.
Okay, okay.
So my job is to get drunk and insult people.
I think I can hack that.
Now, Chidi, I'm gonna need you to act nervous and embarrassed by Eleanor.
- Way ahead of you.
- Tahani, just be your fabulous self.
And Jason, you're good old silent Jianyu the monk.
So I told Vicky that I would handle the surveillance on the four of you.
That'll let us meet each day for Chidi's ethics lessons, which will apparently include me.
Even though that's transparently insane.
Cool.
And, um, Janet, you're not gonna - rat us out, right? - Well, Jason, I've been thinking about this a lot over the last 1.
3 milliseconds, I'm not allowed to lie, but my purpose is to make humans happy.
And since you're the only actual humans here, I'm on board for whatever fun little schemes you guys come up with.
Okay, bring it in.
Team huddle.
The Bad Place is about to be outsmarted by a cowardly traitor, four dum-dums, - and a robot.
- Not a robot.
We can do this.
Team Cockroach on three.
One, two, three.
- All: Team Cockroach! - Bobcats! I still think that's better.
 [quirky music] You've got to admit things are going pretty well since I took over.
Certainly a lot smoother lately.
And based on my surveillance, our four humans don't suspect anything.
Yeah, because we're killing it.
Whoo-hoo-hoo.
[snapping fingers] You sure are.
Here are the torture ideas you asked me to write up for next week.
[groaning] So long.
You're not supposed to be torturing me.
From now on, make all your memos one page max with pictures.
Also, Quinston over here already came up with a sick idea for how to torture Tahani.
Tell him, babe.
We're going to have Tahani throw a party for Gunnar's birthday, but no one will show up because we'll also be throwing a party, and it will be way better.
Boom.
[laughing] Where do you get these incredible ideas? Oh, that one just came to me.
It just like popped right into my noodle.
[laughs] Yeah, that's right.
Up top! So that's their plan.
This doesn't seem so bad.
It really tucks my nuggets.
I worked so hard on my torture ideas, and theirs are so basic.
These millennials, they have no work ethic.
Oh, sorry, a millennial is someone who has only been torturing people for a thousand years.
[soft voice] A millennial.
Okay.
Coast is clear.
Not a demon in sight.
Except for, you know Is that what we should call you? "Demon"? Well, I mean, it's not really accurate, and we consider it to be a little racist.
But it's fine.
Well, um, let's start our first lesson.
Tahani and Jason will have to make it up since they're both off being fake-tortured.
All right.
Well, I've read everything on your syllabus, and how do I put this delicately? It's all, ah, stupid garbage.
Look, we have to start somewhere.
So how about Socrates? All right, all right.
Let me just get into the mind-set of a human.
"Oh, I'm a human, "and my breathing tube is next to my eating tube.
"Oh, and look, my arms end in stupid little sticks.
" Okay.
Proceed.
Good.
This is so depressing.
I'm being forced to throw a party that I know will fail.
That's why they're doing this.
It's what you're best at.
Just like I'm the best at getting empty water bottles to stay on the roof of a Pizza Hut.
You know what? I am the best at planning parties.
Vicky may be some demonic torturer from the netherworld, but does she have taste? Sophistication? An encyclopedic knowledge of traditional and avant-garde Belgian floral design? Yes! She does.
No.
She doesn't.
What if I throw a party that is so amazing that it's actually better than the party that's supposed to win? When they realize they could have to my party, they'll be sad.
I won't be sad.
They'll be sad.
- Janet! - Hi there.
Janet, when I turned 18, I knelt in front of Princess Grace's dress mausoleum, and I swore to uphold the Hostess Code: "I, Tahani Al-Jamil, "shall do my level best "to make every event too much.
" Model tonight's dcor after my 2008 fundraiser for the Red Cross in Zurich.
No.
[laughs] [sighs] Man.
Michael is not into your class.
Right now, I'm the best student.
I'm going to be the velociraptor.
You trying to say "valedictorian?" No.
Look, dude, this isn't your fault.
You've been teaching him ethics for half an hour, and he's been evil since the beginning of time.
Oh! Maybe the reason Michael can't latch onto the ideas is because he's immortal.
Look, look.
If you live forever, then ethics don't matter to you because, basically, there's no consequences for your actions.
You tell a lie, who cares? Wait a few trillion years, the guilt will fade.
Before I can teach Michael to be good, I have to force him to think about what we used to think about: that life has an end, and therefore our actions have meaning.
That's what you used to think about? I used to think about how it's weird they don't make pants that are just one big pant leg for both your legs.
You mean a skirt? No.
You're not getting it.
And my thing is different, so shut up.
- Michael? - Yeah.
Is there any way that you can die? Yeah, actually there is.
It's called retirement.
It's rare, but when one of us really screws something up [clicks teeth] And what happens exactly? Well, it's fairly straightforward.
My essence would be scooped out of my body with a flaming ladle, and every molecule of my body would be placed on the surface of a different sun.
Sure.
So is that what would happen if your boss found out that you defected to our side? Yeah.
Okay, so that might actually happen, and if it did there would be no more Michael.
Think about that for a second.
Imagine being retired.
Everyone else is here.
But you? Poof.
Gone.
Nothingness.
Inky black void.
Done.
Okay.
I'll think about that.
[daunting music] Huh.
So you're saying that I would be No Me? [wailing] Okay! Now we're getting somewhere.
Dude, you broke Michael.
No, no.
This is good.
He's having an existential crisis.
It's a sort of anguish people go through when they contemplate the silent indifference of our empty universe.
Look, the good news is, if he can work through this, it's the first step towards understanding human ethics.
And what if he can't? Then, he'll be a lifeless shell of misery forever, and we're all doomed.
Okay, I will be right back.
Gotta go grab some Camus.
Hey, buddy.
How you doing? Can I get you a snack? Do you eat? I can never remember.
What do you eat? Babies? Do you want me to get you a big fat baby? What flavor baby? [gasps] How about a Cool Ranch baby? Searching for meaning is philosophical suicide.
How does anyone do anything when you understand the fleeting nature of existence? It's pretty easy, man.
I mean, you learn about death when you're a kid, and it's just not that big of a deal.
[cartoon playing on TV] Eleanor, baby, I have some sad news.
Your doggie, Max, has passed away.
Do you know what that means? Well, sometimes when a dog is very old, like, five or six or something, he crosses a long rainbow bridge, and at the end of that bridge is a beautiful farm with lots of grass and trees and, I don't know, wagons and a rainbow.
I already said "rainbow.
" The point is: that's where Max is.
Can we visit him at the farm? Nope, because it's very far away in Guam.
- It's in Guam.
- Can we at least Okay, look.
I'm lying, okay? You caught me.
Congratulations.
The farm is made up.
The bridge is made up.
There's no such place as Guam.
Your dog, Max, is dead in a duffel bag under the deck.
How did he die? The short answer is: I don't know.
And the slightly longer answer is: I didn't know how hot it gets in cars sometimes.
The point is: don't be sad.
Honestly, I'll get kind of annoyed if you do get sad because it's been a very long day and that bitch Carol from work was really on my ass about some stupid thing that I don't even know what it was.
And at the end of that long day, I had to use one of my favorite duffle bags to do something very gross that I did not like.
Now, let's celebrate that dead dog's life by bringing Mommy another bottle of white.
I would say I outdid myself, but I'm always this good.
So I simply did myself.
[sighs] Everything is perfect.
Red alert, red alert.
We need help.
What's wrong with Michael? Uh-oh.
I know that look.
He just snorted a bunch of printer toner.
Mike, listen to me, you have nothing to worry about.
You still have around 70% of your brain left.
No, no, this is more like a philosophy overdose.
Basically, Michael just smoked a big bowl of ennui, and now he's having an existential crisis.
So, we need to cheer him up.
Look at how pretty the restaurant is.
Didn't Tahani do a good job? Parties are mere distractions from the relentlessness of entropy.
We're all just corpses who haven't yet begun to decay.
Yeah, but balloons! Okay, we all head over to Vicky's party together.
We babysit Michael in shifts so that no one sees he's a catatonic blob.
Or you could just sit tight.
The entire party are going to be heading over here soon.
[laughs] Unless I am sorely mistaken.
- [lively music] - [people cheering] I'm taking you, baby All the way to lovey town I was sorely mistaken.
Okay, bud, whatever is going on right now, just shove your feelings way down deep, plaster on a fake smile, and pretend you're having fun.
Okay? Just like I used to do when someone started talking about their kids.
Hey, welcome, guys.
Wow, this is elaborate.
Gunnar was an animal rights activist.
So the theme of the party is "animals.
" Flying station's over there if you want to fly like a falcon.
[exclaims] And over there we filled a ball pit with puppies.
[people laughing, dogs whining] That's fun.
Oh, and have you ever wanted to sit in a kangaroo pouch? My whole dang life.
So we can all hang out here for a bit and then we can head over to your party sound good? Yo, this place is lit.
I'm going to go jump in that kangie's pouch.
Hey All right, Tahani, you just need to walk around the party looking miserable.
Great, just like that.
Perfect.
And then Chidi and I will keep an eye on Michael.
- Where's Michael? - [groans] [engine revving] Uh I think I found him.
There they are! Que pasa, muchachos? Hey there, bud.
You okay? Okay? I'm a new man.
Oh, Eleanor, thank you so much for the advice about shoving my feelings down deep.
I feel so much better.
It's like I'm surfing on this wave of positivity.
Is that Janet? Oh, yeah.
Have you met my secretary, Jeanette? She's a lot like Janet, but she doesn't pretend like she has all the answers.
Hi, Jeanette.
Oh, no, it's still me Janet.
Michael just asked that I change my appearance, and also say things like, "You're so funny," and "So how many quarterbacks are in a home run?" [giggles] Man, repressing your feelings is great.
I was feeling stressed all the time, and now it's just so easy.
Babe, we need to get some food into you.
Get you something to eat.
I don't eat anything.
She's perfect.
Hey! Turn that around.
Throw them dice, baby It did kind of hurt actually, but I love it.
So he's moved on from existential crisis to just straight-up mid-life crisis.
That's good, right? I knew a ton of guys like that back in Arizona.
I mean, they hit on you when they're drunk, and their breath smells like supplements, but overall they're pretty harmless.
It's Chinese for "Japan.
" Oh, so cool.
No, no.
This is worse.
I mean, an existential crisis is an acknowledgement that life is absurd.
And that absurdity needs to be confronted, but this is just denial.
And at any moment that denial could collapse, and he'll be a mess.
He is a Jenga tower of sadness.
For an immortal being, he's pretty fragile.
I mean the guy contemplates his own death for one forking minute and completely loses his grip on reality? [somber music] [whispering] You didn't have to come.
I said I'm fine.
Yeah, well, I know you guys weren't super close, but still.
It's hard losing a parent.
Eleanor! Mommy's here, baby! Oh, and who is this tall drink of wine? This is my boyfriend, Sam.
Sam, this is my mother Sister! Sister [groans] It's not going to work.
It's my ex-husband's funeral.
Thanks for blowing my cover, Doug! Listen, baby.
Don't be sad, okay? Your father wasn't great.
Let's call him what he was: a fart in the shape of a man.
Can you just chill? I don't want to turn Dad's funeral into a roast.
I'm not.
I'm just saying he sucked.
I mean, the only photo they could get of him was a mug shot.
He was a doof.
So don't be sad that he's gone.
I'm not sad.
I'm fine.
Good! You know, I had a long running bet with Eleanor's father that I would outlive him.
You want to guess who won that one? Come on, guess.
Well, we're at his funeral.
It's pretty clear I did! I won! He's dead! Up top! Whoa.
[chuckles] Is there a bar? I'm just going to [sighing] Did my mom slip you her hotel room key? Yes.
Yes, she did.
[glass clinking] Thanks so much for coming to Gunnar's birthday party.
Now, there was a little bit of a mix up, and Tahani also planned a birthday party over at the restaurant.
So why don't we all head over there? No need.
This party is far superior.
I'm sure yours is amazing.
Well, I did fine on the dcor, but I don't have, you know, actual unicorns you can ride.
[unicorn huffs] So you all just stay here and have fun.
Okay, well, if that's what you want.
Let's all get back to the party, then.
Hang on, there, mis amigos! - Whoo! I want to make a toast.
- No, no, no, Michael, oh, boy.
Okay, I know what you're thinking.
Birth is a curse, and existence is a prison.
But don't think about that.
Don't be sad, you guys.
Focus on something great like Drakkar Noir whoo which I am wearing a lot of tonight.
Or the Sharper Image Catalog.
What can't those guys ionize? By the way, I am feeling amazing.
I'm going to do some push-ups.
Then we'll go around the room and name our favorite cheese.
Okay, that's good with the speeches.
That's good, yeah.
Let's all get back to the party.
What was that? You didn't run any of that by me.
Oh, I know, I know.
I'm sorry, babe.
Listen, when you guys first took over, I was upset, but it's all good now.
I mean, anger is toxic.
I'm not about that negativity.
Mi torture es su torture.
I am so happy you're in charge.
Okay, well, good.
Namaste, chica.
[laughs] Do you want to dance? - No.
- Okay.
I'm leaving.
I'm too miserable to stay here for one more second.
Why? There are baby monkeys and dolphins to ride and the game of "Hungry, Hungry Hippos" with actual hippos.
This party is way better than ours.
Why are you miserable? Ohh.
You stay and have fun.
I'm going to go and throw myself a pity party though I doubt I can even throw one of those properly.
[whimpers] [indistinct chatter] [glasses clink] God, I love this stuff! [slurps] Oh! Let's keep this party going! What now, huh? Want to hit the clubs? Oh, oh, oh Vegas! No, no, no, even better Dubai.
[gasps] Jeanette, make us a Dubai.
[giggles] I kind of feel like maybe we should wind down, have a No, no, can't do that.
Can't stop moving.
Can't stop moving.
If I stop moving, I'll start thinking and if I start thinking, I'll start thinking about things I don't want to think about, like death.
Oops.
I'm thinking about it now.
Yep, thinking about death again.
Oh, I know.
Jeanette and I have been taking samba lessons, huh? - Let us show you how to do it.
- Okay.
I think Vicky bought his excuse, but we need to snap him out of this.
Which one of these confusing French books will make him normal again? It's not that easy.
I mean, emotionally, he's all over the map right now, and I can't believe I'm saying this, but I don't think this can be solved with a book.
What's the big whoop? I dealt with death, and I was fine.
Were you? I mean, you never had one moment where you were freaked out by the permanence of death? Never one moment like that? Hey, man, you got toothbrush holders? Sure, yeah, right over here.
What's this? Who has four toothbrushes? Like, Bill Gates or something? No, that's like, for a family.
Family? Like, a whole family and their toothbrushes all together? Two slots for the parent toothbrushes and two slots for their kids? Yep.
So the parent toothbrushes can be close to the kid toothbrushes and watch over them and [sniffs] They can all talk about their toothbrush feelings.
And they can hold their little toothbrush hands when they're sad? Make sure no harm ever comes to their little bristles? - Sure.
- [crying] Oh, um, do you need Kleenex? Thank you.
[sniffles] Sorry.
I'm so embarrassed.
A family pack? [dramatic sobbing] [clears throat] [solemn music] I don't know if what I'm going to say is going to hurt or help, but screw it.
Do you know what's really happening right now? You're learning what it's like to be human.
All humans are aware of death.
So we're all a little bit sad all the time.
That's just the deal.
Sounds like a crappy deal.
Well, yeah.
It is.
But we don't get offered any other ones.
And if you try and ignore your sadness, it just ends up leaking out of you anyway.
I've been there.
And everybody's been there.
So don't fight it.
In the words of a very wise Bed, Bath, and Beyond employee I once knew "Go ahead and cry all you want.
But you're going to have to pay for that toilet plunger.
" I got you something to eat.
I'm not hungry.
[sniffs] I just want to sit and stare at nothing and silently scream for the rest of time.
I might be way off-base here, but you seem kind of bummed.
I really thought I could throw a better party than a magical, all-powerful being.
And moreover, what's this say about me, about the life I lived? The way they're torturing me is through event planning mishaps, and it works.
Am I really that shallow? Listen, back in Jacksonville, I was in charge of a 60-person dance group.
Whenever we auditioned a new dancer, we would rate them in five categories: dancing ability, coolness, dopeness, freshness, and smart-brained.
I would give you an eight in every category.
Well, eight isn't bad, I suppose.
No, no.
Eight is the best.
It was a scale of 1-13, but eight was highest.
The scale went up and then back down like a tent.
Why? It's not important.
Lately, you've been really down on yourself.
But you're the most amazing person I've ever met besides Michael, and he was constantly torturing us so I'd only rank him a ten.
Which is worse than an eight? That's so unnecessarily confusing.
The point is: you're cool, dope, fresh, and smart-brained.
I've never seen you dance, but I bet you're good.
'Cause you're good at everything.
You're awesome.
Be nicer to yourself.
Thank you, Jason.
[light music] From one eight to another.
"Excellent progress this week.
"Tahani devastated by party mishap.
"Eleanor continues to be a selfish monster creating burden for Chidi.
" "Selfish monster?" I brought you back from the brink of an existential coma, dude.
No, no.
I have to embellish your misery on these fake torture reports so that my boss doesn't get suspicious.
But really [sighs] I am grateful you pulled me out of my funk.
Well, now that you've become acquainted with existential crises, I thought we could read "Death" by philosopher Todd May.
Sounds like the perfect beach read.
Should we wait for Tahani and Jason? Where are those goofballs? So, um we should probably discuss That was awesome! It was.
[sighs] Surprisingly so.
But we should still discuss Want some breakfast? I know how to make cereal.
- Sure, but, Jason, we should - Okay, be right back.
[playful music]
This is an exciting day.
We are going to tackle The Trolley Problem.
Is this a game? I go first.
I call blue.
There's no this is No, this is a thought experiment first introduced by British philosopher Philippa Foot in 1967.
You are driving a trolley when the brakes fail, and on the track ahead of you are five workmen that you will run over.
Now, you can steer to another track, but on that track is one person you would kill instead of the five.
What do you do? Do we know anything about the people? Like, is one of them an ex-boyfriend or that snooty girl from Rite Aid who was always silently judging my purchases? It's like, yeah, chicky, a Baby Ruth and birth control.
I see the irony.
Keep a-swipin'.
You don't know any of the workers.
Okay, well, then that's easy.
I switch tracks.
Kill one person instead of five.
But this is hard because the only trolley I've ever been on is James Franco's ironic trolley.
It travels backwards from his penguin grotto to his garage of adult tricycles.
- Um, kill one, save five.
- Good! But there's a lot of other versions of this, like what if you knew one of the people? Does that change the equation? Or what if you're not the driver, you're just a bystander? Or let's throw the trolley out altogether.
Let's say you're a doctor, and you can save five patients.
But you have to kill one healthy person and use his organs to do it.
But that's not the same thing.
Why not? It's still choosing to kill one person to save five, isn't it? Michael, you've been kind of quiet.
What do you think about all this? Well, obviously the dilemma is clear.
How do you kill all six people? So I would dangle a sharp blade out the window to slice the neck of the guy on the other track as we smush our five main guys.
Oh, I did the thing again, didn't I? - Yep.
Ten more, buddy.
- People good.
People good.
Why is that so hard to remember? People What is it? - Good.
- Good.
Cool.
Later, guys.
Oh, hey, twerps, we have an hour before we have to pretend to be tortured by Vicky.
You want to hang out? We could work on our forced grins.
Check mine out.
[forced laugh] This place is miserable, etcetera.
- That sounds fun.
- Right? But I was gonna dive into next week's reading, I'm afraid.
Sorry.
Jason, do you, um, care to join? Sure, dog.
You're doing extra-credit work? What can I say? This class is more fun than I thought.
[mellow music] Eleanor seemed a little suspicious earlier, snooping around.
You didn't tell her about us, did you? No.
Why are you so scared that someone will know we're pounding it out? Precisely because you refer to lovemaking as "pounding it out.
" Who cares about what other people might think about us being together? Maybe you should talk about this with a friend.
But then that person would know we were together.
Right.
Then you can talk about why it is that you don't want anyone to know we're together.
But then that person would know, and I don't want anyone to know.
I know.
I'm saying you should talk to someone about how weird it is that you don't want to talk to someone about how we're together.
How's it going, teach? Hmm, kitchen looks nice and crazy.
I've been racking my brain, trying to find a way to get through to Michael.
What do you think about writing a rap musical about Kierkegaard? I think that's a terrible idea.
Cool.
- [sighs] - Michael's not going to learn how to be a good person overnight.
He's not even a person.
He's just a bunch of evil shoved up the butt of an evil mannequin, you know.
Teaching him to be good it's like teaching me how to be not hot.
How would you even do it? You'd have me hunch or something and then stand there and say "gurp, gurp, gurp"? I don't even know.
I can't even picture it because I've been hot my whole life.
I'm sorry.
Who is this conversation for again? It's for you.
I believe in you, nerd boy.
If you can teach me and Jason ethics, you can teach anybody.
Thanks.
But definitely a no on the rap musical? I mean, if we really [rapping] My name is Kierkegaard, and my writing is impeccable.
Check out my teleological suspension of the ethical.
- No.
- No! Right? [laughs] No, it felt like a no when I was doing it.
[quirky music] - Janet? - Hi, there.
If I were to tell you something personal about myself, you couldn't tell anyone about it, right? Right.
So, in a way, you're sort of like a therapist.
Absolutely not.
A therapist is a trained medical professional with the ability to absorb and process complex ideas about human emotion.
I am simply a vessel containing all of the knowledge in the universe.
Close enough.
Jason and I are sleeping together.
Okay.
Obviously, no one can ever know.
I mean, I wouldn't shag Jason if he were the last man on Earth.
But well, he sort of is, and I am shagging him, I mean.
And I think I'm losing my mind, so please help me.
Well, my job is to make your experience here in the afterlife more enjoyable, so I will try to help you.
I am going to need some time to read every book ever written about human psychotherapy.
And now I've done that, so let's begin.
- Have a seat.
- [soft ding] Hi, I'm your therapist, Janet.
I just want to have a little chat about your progress.
In the last homework assignment, I asked you to examine the ethics of "Les Misrables," in which a man steals a loaf of bread to feed his starving family.
Would you please read your first paragraph here? "Everyone in this story sucks and belongs in the Bad Place.
"The thief is bad.
The officer chasing him is bad.
"All the whiny prostitutes are bad.
"Plus, they're all French, so they're going to the Bad Place automatically.
" Do you see how you're already off topic? Chidi, I've been around a long time like, all of it.
But I know for a fact that if you steal a loaf of bread, it's a negative 17 points 20 if it's a baguette because that makes you more French.
Okay.
Sure.
But philosophy is about questioning things that you take for granted, and I-I just don't think that you're doing that.
I mean, "I personally know that Victor Hugo "is in the Bad Place being tortured.
"He's a real wuss, too.
"If one of the lava monsters even gets near the guy, "he's like, 'Sacr bleu, I peed in my pants.
'" I don't know what you want from me.
T-that's exactly what he said.
Jason's a nice person, but my suitors were always of a certain echelon.
I used what I called the "Duke Rule," because Duke is both minimum acceptable university and rank of nobility.
You've never dated anyone like Jason before.
I mean, I've dallied below my station.
I once had a brief fling with a non-famous Hemsworth brother, but even Larry Hemsworth had more status than Jason.
Jason didn't even have a job in a sad way, not in the good, rich way.
Hey, guys.
What are you doing? Sitting in a room? That's pretty cool.
I took your suggestion, and I'm talking to Janet about our relationship.
Actually, it might help me if I could hear Jason's side as well.
Oh, no, no, no.
That'll only slow things down.
Look, I'll tell you his side.
He thinks that I have to control everything and that he has no voice in this relationship.
Right, Jason? Good.
Now, where were we? I just heard that.
Okay, fine.
I'll leave.
I just don't feel like you're engaging with the material like with The Trolley Problem.
That was just tricky.
That's all.
Why don't you just tell me the right answer? Well, that's what's so great about The Trolley Problem is that there is no right answer.
Ugh.
This is why everyone hates moral philosophy professors.
I'm on your side here, dude, but he is not wrong.
Okay, Michael trust me.
When it comes to human ethics, I just know more than you.
I've been studying it my whole life.
It's just that it's so theoretical, you know? I mean, you know, maybe there's a more concrete approach.
Here, let's try this.
[snaps fingers] [trolley droning] Oh, God! Michael, what did you do? [trolley bell ringing] I made The Trolley Problem real so we could see how the ethics would actually play out.
There are five workers on this track and one over there.
Here are the levers to switch the tracks.
Make a choice.
T-the thing is, I mean, ethically speaking No time, dude! Make a decision! Well, it's tricky! I mean, on the one hand, if you ascribe to a purely utilitarian worldview [crashes, wheels screeching] Okay.
So what did we learn? Chidi? Talk it out, buddy.
What are we thinking? He thinks he just killed a bunch of people with a trolley.
It's just a simulation.
I would never make you kill real people.
Oh, well, that's reassuring, because some of the parts of the fake people flew into my mouth! Michael, can we just go back to the classroom? We never left.
Here, I'll show you.
[snaps fingers] [sighs shakily] [sighs with relief] [snaps fingers] Look.
See, buddy? None of this was real.
Well, they're fake people, but their pain is real.
Does that make sense? There have to be stakes, or it's just another thought experiment.
This is awful.
You specifically asked me if there was a way I could connect with the material more.
I'm trying, you guys.
Sorry.
You're right.
I want to help you understand this.
Thank you, Chidi.
So let's try again, hmm? [snaps fingers] Oh, uh, I-I thought maybe we would have a discussion.
No, the whole point is to play out the scenario in real time.
Quick, Chidi! What's your decision? Okay.
Okay.
I can do this.
I am choosing to switch tracks, so that way, I only kill one person.
Oh, forgot to tell you.
This is the scenario where you actually know one of the people.
It's your friend Henry there.
Chidi! How are you, mate? Henry, move! - Oh, nice trolley.
- Move out of the way! - Henry, move! - I can't, Chidi.
My boots are stuck in the tracks.
- Henry, move! - Anyway, long time no [screams] Oh, my God! [wheels screeching] Again, just a simulation an almost impossibly lifelike simulation.
Would someone's foot really fly off their body like that? That was kind of cool.
Ethically speaking.
Tahani's confusing.
She's really smart.
And she's all soft and smooth like a bunch of water balloons.
But I tell her she's pretty a hundred times a day, and she's never said I'm pretty once.
And how does that make you feel? I just feel like Tahani's embarrassed that I'm not some sort of scientist who forecloses on banks.
I need another session with Janet.
It's my turn.
I have a lot of problems, too, you know.
Perhaps we could kill two birds with one Janet, as it were.
How would you feel about giving Jason and me couples therapy? I'd feel great.
[quirky music] Janet, what's happening? Unclear.
My guess is I'm operating in a way I'm not designed for, and it's creating a small glitch.
But if I'm helping you guys, I say "What has one thumb and wants to keep going?" This not-lady.
Eh? Eh? [mellow music] Okay, so that was Trolley Problem version number seven.
Chidi opted to run over five William Shakespeares instead of one Santa Claus.
Okay, as much as I'm enjoying watching random people's heads fly off, I think we've taken this trolley thing as far as it can go.
- You might be right, Eleanor.
- Thank you.
Let's try the doctor one.
[snaps fingers] Dude, what the fork? These five people all need organ transplants, or they will die.
Eleanor's perfectly healthy.
Chidi, do you want to slice her open and use her organs to save the five sick people? Chidi, Chidi, think about this.
I'm your hottest friend No, Tahani.
I'm your nicest fr No, Jason.
I'm your friend.
I-I won't do it.
As a doctor, I've taken the Hippocratic Oath to do no harm, and although five people will die, I cannot harm one innocent person to save them and forsake my oath.
It's unethical.
Okay.
- Tell their families.
- What? Doctor Chidi? My daddy needed a heart transplant.
Did you save his life? He was working, then a really bad man ran him over with a trolley.
Oh! Come on! What? I'm finding this incredibly helpful.
I think I'm really starting to get it.
Oh, I know.
We'll do the one where you're in a boat next to a volcano, and you can either save 50 people, or one awesome dog or whatever.
- No, no, no, no, no.
- Hey.
Are you torturing us again? What? You don't care about learning ethics lessons.
You're just torturing Chidi again, aren't you? - Busted.
- What? [laughing wildly] I'm sorry.
Old habits die hard.
Not as hard as those people you crushed with the trolley, though.
Boom! I'm sorry, is this funny to you? Yeah.
I thought that was clear from my laughter.
Oh, come on.
My bad.
Look, I'm still on your team, okay? I just needed to let off a little steam.
Phew.
[snaps fingers] See? Back home.
All good.
No.
No.
Not all good.
You keep saying that we need you, or we'll end up getting tortured forever.
But then when we do help you out, we still end up getting tortured.
I'd rather just be tortured than choose it.
You are no longer welcome in my class.
Get the fork out! [dramatic music] - But I said "my bad.
" - Out! You okay? You've been staring at the second page of this book for an hour.
When I'm really upset, concentrating on a table of contents helps me calm down.
It's like a menu, but the food is words.
Oh, okay.
I can't believe I actually thought he wanted to learn from us.
What he really wanted was to torture me, using the thing that I love most in the world.
Woven belts? Oh, teaching.
Right.
I'm sorry about this, Chidi.
I made him take the classes, and I feel a little responsible.
Oh, no, it's not your fault.
Yeah, you're right.
It isn't.
And no take-backs.
No, a tiger can't change his stripes.
This is what he always wanted me trying desperately to teach him something that he never intended to learn so I'd end up miserable with my glasses all smudged up from sweaty-forehead stress grease.
Okay.
Gross.
Also, I really don't think that's true.
Oh, no? What possible other reason could he have to behave that way? Actually, I can think of one.
Yesterday Tahani gave us her reasons not to take this relationship public.
Tahani, what do you value about Jason? Well, he's thoughtful picks flowers and brings them to me.
Often they're ones I've just planted, but That's how I know they fresh.
He's the least self-aware person I've ever met.
He has massive amounts of unearned confidence and is utterly unaware of his own absurdity.
Therefore, quite good at sex.
Here's the thing.
I'm nice to you, and you're mean to me.
There's something wrong about that, but I can't put my finger on what it is.
Oh, Jason.
I genuinely like you, but it's hard to change all at once.
Can you give me a little more time? Okay.
I agree to keep this on the DL for now, if you agree to grab my butt in public once a week.
You can say I sat in gum and that you're trying to scrape it off.
You do sit in a lot of gum.
Aw, I'm happy for you guys.
[gags] [frog croaking] Huh.
Look, I don't know what to tell you.
If Chidi can't take a joke, that's on him just like all that blood was.
[chuckles] I can't high-five that! No matter how badly I want to.
Look, this isn't about Chidi not being able to take a joke.
This is about you.
You're doing what I used to do.
You're pulling an Eleanor.
Posting my cousin's credit card number on Reddit because she said I looked tired? - [snorts] - [chuckles] [laughing] I forgot I did that.
No.
[clears throat] No.
Pulling an Eleanor in this case is lashing out when you feel like a failure.
You couldn't hack the classes.
They made you feel dumb and small, so you took it out on the teacher.
You think I feel dumb and small? I'm an eternal being who can see in nine dimensions.
I can see from your aura that you're about to fart quietly and then lie about it.
And please don't, because I can also see what you ate today.
Dude, you can bluster and insult all you want also classic Shellstrop moves, by the way but deep down you know I'm right.
Whatever.
Eventually Chidi will get over it.
Ah! [laughs] Leaving it up to the other person to be the grown-up yet another classic Shellstrop move.
[chuckles] You and I are really very similar.
What does that say about me? Ugh.
Look, bro, it's 100% on you to make this up to him.
[soft music] I screwed up.
I'm owning it.
I mean, I'm a superior being I ought to act like one, right? So I really thought about each one of you, and I got you something that will make you happy.
I call them "opposite tortures.
" Do you mean presents? Yes, that's better.
Thank you.
Tahani, here's yours.
[soft ding] Holy mama.
Is this a diamond? Yeah.
Honestly, I don't get the appeal.
Diamonds are literally carbon molecules lined up in the most boring way.
They're worthless space garbage.
What you're holding right now that's basically meteorite poop.
[squealing] And I have the biggest piece! Eleanor I had Janet make you a never-ending shrimp dispensery.
- [gasps] - [soft ding] [chuckles] - [machine whirring] - Oh! [laughing] This is the dream.
- It is? - Yeah.
Jason, here you go.
[gasps] Pikachu! Guys, it's Pikachu! - This is awesome - [balloon pops] Aw, man.
And finally, Chidi.
You were a tough nut to crack, but I think I figured it out.
[soft ding] This is a replica of a lost notebook from the desk of Immanuel Kant.
It contains never-before-seen thoughts and musings and several, uh crude erotic doodles.
Interesting guy, actually.
The point is, no one on Earth has ever seen this except for you.
Cool.
This isn't an apology.
It's a bribe, and I'm not interested.
[mouth full] Yeah, we can't be bought.
What do you want from me, man? You want me to give you a golden nameplate for your office? Or you want a diamond bigger than Tahani's? No! Then this would be worthless.
I don't want anything.
Oh.
Oh, okay.
Ah, I get it.
I get it.
You want me to admit that I was wrong.
You want me to say, "Oh, Chidi, I'm so sorry "because I didn't understand human ethics and you do.
"It made me feel insecure, and I lashed out.
"And, oh, please help me because I feel so so lonely and vulnerable.
" Yes.
Oh, Chidi, I am so sorry.
I, um I didn't understand human ethics, and you do.
And it made me feel insecure, and I lashed out.
And I really need your help because I feel so lost and vulnerable.
Have a seat.
[sniffs] Whoo-hoo! Nobody try mystery flavor.
It's white chocolate, and it is nasty.
Listen, we just wanted to thank you for all of your help.
Our relationship has grown so much stronger over the past few weeks, and we owe it all to you.
Congratulations.
I am very happy for the both of you.
[loud rumbling] - Okay.
Bye.
- [soft ding] [chandelier rattling] [rumbling stops] [soft ding] Hi, there.
What's happening? What's wrong? I am wrong.
I can't stop glitching.
I don't know why.
And it's getting worse.
I fear this neighborhood is in danger of total collapse.
So that's the main thing.
How are you?
[quirky music] - Hello.
- [shouts] So sorry.
To activate your Janet, press nose for three seconds.
Okay, okay.
Um, can you walk yet? Here.
[mechanical whirring] Oh.
Hello, I'm Janet.
Shh.
- Hello.
- Shh.
Hello, I'm Janet.
I really need you to shut up.
Where did you get this? Did you actually get into the Good Place somehow? Didn't need to.
They keep their Janets in a neutral pocket dimension beneath the shapeless time void.
It's right next to Accounting.
And you just walked in and stole her? It was that easy? You didn't have to choke out an angel or anything? Doors were unlocked, no security.
I mean, it makes sense, right? They're good, so they're stupid and trusting.
I understand that you need the four humans to think they're in the Good Place, but using an actual Good Place Janet seems risky.
Why don't you just have a Bad Place Janet pretend to be good? I thought about it, but watch.
Bad Janet? What up, skidmarks? Let's try that thing again where - you pretend to be a Good Janet, okay? - Aww.
Now, really really try your best.
- Fine.
- Say, Janet, where can I get some delicious ice cream? Oh, there's a wonderful parlor in the middle of town square.
My favorite flavor is rocky road.
It contains chocolate ribbon, marshmallows, and your dad's salty nuts, you fat dink! I see what you mean.
Use the good one.
Janet, you and I are about to have a real adventure together.
Wait a second, Janet.
What what are you What are you telling me? Are you saying that because you're glitching out The neighborhood is in danger of total collapse.
Fun fact: mathematically, it's equally likely to either im- or explode.
[laughs] Okay, okay.
So I suppose the next question should be, "What's causing the problem?" Unclear.
The glitches started out small, and then began to escalate, and then I came here looking for help, and then I started talking, and then you looked at me annoyed, like that, and now here we are.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah, this is very bad.
Let's run a full diagnostic, Janet.
You got it.
A little short on time here, Janet.
It's just a little hard to get out.
Almost got it.
Here it is.
My user manual.
Okay.
Let's get started.
"Hello, and welcome to your new Janet.
"Janets are brought to you by the makers of light, darkness, and everything.
" And I need to skip ahead here.
Where's the, uh, troubleshooting part? - Michael.
- Hmm? What's with the earthquake? Janet's experiencing a slight technical issue.
Ew.
What's wrong with it? Oh, um, uh I tried to eat some frozen yogurt.
It looked so good, but I'm not supposed to eat anything.
So there was a little earthquake.
[rumbling] See? There it is again.
Can't you just reset these things? What do you do again? Oh, it's the ears, yeah? It's it's, uh It's down, down, out Vicky, can I can I speak to you just for a second outside? Look, this is a common problem, and I've got it under control.
I don't know, man.
First you went rogue at the party with your sports car and your weird earring - [laughs] - And now Janet's breaking down? I mean, it's like you're begging me to tell Shawn that you're incompetent.
Begging.
Vicky, this is a temporary problem.
I promise.
Hey, you know who could use some torturing right now? Chidi.
- Oh.
I love torturing Chidi.
- I know.
No, actually, I had this great idea the other night.
Thought it was worth exploring.
Picture this.
Needles.
Oh, that's the whole idea.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Needles.
- Genius, right? - Yeah.
I mean, needles.
Oh, wonderful.
Wonderful.
- So smart.
- Yeah.
Needles.
Yeah, run with that.
Okay, hopefully bought us a little time.
Where were we? Uh Oh, here we go.
Yeah.
"Glitches.
"In the event of malfunction, run the following tests/ First test, basic corporeal function.
" Hop up on the table, there.
[quirky music] [To-do] All right, great.
99.
7 trillion degrees.
A little bit on the high side, but no biggie.
And still no blood.
Oh, thank goodness.
Okay, what's next? "Summoning and retrieval.
"Have Janet produce an object using the random object generator program.
" Okay.
A 14-ounce ostrich steak impaled on a giant novelty pencil that says, "Lordy, Lordy, I'm Over 40.
" Here you go.
"Lordy, Lordy, I'm Over 40.
" Perfect.
Okay.
"Third test.
Informational Accuracy.
Glitches may be a sign that" You didn't finish your sentence.
"Glitches may be a sign that your Janet is processing "or disseminating information that is incompatible with objective truth.
" They're talking about lying, Janet.
[solemn music] This is all my fault.
I told you a lie that first day we met.
Okay.
Here goes nothing.
Hello.
I'm Janet.
And I have now been fully activated.
Hello, Janet.
I'm Michael, a Good Place architect.
One of the best.
Top notch.
You're in luck here.
Happy to meet you, Michael.
I will help you make the perfect neighborhood.
Would you like to get started? Uh, one small note there, Janet.
Uh, the neighborhood that I want to build might be a little different from the ones that you might be familiar with.
Is that all right? Of course, silly billy.
I build and operate the neighborhood, but every aspect of the design is entirely up to you.
For example, if you'd like me to stop calling you silly billy, just say so.
Yeah, I don't like that at all.
Michael's fine.
Sounds good, Michael.
I lied to you.
I lied about who I was and what we were doing, and then I lied a billion more times to support that first lie.
And now you're all discombobulated.
This is my fault.
Nope.
You're wrong.
If the glitching was only a result of you lying to me, why wouldn't I have been glitching all along? Why would it only be starting now? Well, that that's a good point.
I know, right? - [knocking] - M Excuse us, Michael, but we've been trying to call Janet and she isn't answering.
Hi, guys.
I'm broken.
Uh, yeah.
I had to take her offline for a system check.
She'll be available real soon.
Cool, because I'm just so freaking excited, because Tahani said she's never had jalapeo poppers, and I wanted to get some for her.
They sound so disgusting.
But if Jason likes them, then maybe I will too.
Because we are together.
I can finally admit that.
Aww, babe, you admitted it.
That's sweet.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You two are sleeping together? Only when we're done having sex.
Anyways, Janet, can you help us? As soon as Michael puts me back online, I'd be more than happy to help you get that extra special gift for Tahani.
[quirky music] - Whoa.
- What's happening? Oh, boy.
What the? Oh, man.
We got robbed! They took the walls, they took the floor, and we were standing here the whole time? These guys are good.
Michael, what do we do? Okay, there we go.
Nothing to worry about.
Happens sometimes.
Perfectly normal.
Let's go.
Is Janet going to be all right? Totally fine, please just go back to your house and wait for her there.
She'll show up shortly with lots of jalapeo poppers.
- And cheesy fries? - Mm-hmm.
- With donkey sauce? - Sure.
- And a cool hat? - Ding dong.
So I don't seem to be getting better.
That glitch appears to be limited to this building.
- So Vicky won't know.
- That's the good news.
The bad news is, I seem to be losing my ability to sustain object permanence.
So it's sort of a glass half full, glass stops existing in time and space kind of deal.
Okay, let's walk through what just happened.
Jason and Tahani came in, revealed the crazy fact that they're now in a relationship I already knew that, and I'm so happy for them.
[retching] Janet, tell me a lie.
Janets can't lie.
You lied to Vicky earlier.
Interesting.
I guess I did.
I suppose after 802 reboots, I must have gained the ability to lie.
That's fun.
I want to try to lie again.
I love your outfit.
[thuds] [quirky music] "Incompatible with objective truth.
" Janet, the problem isn't me lying to you, but rather you lying to other people.
Like when you said to Jason, "I'd be happy to help you and Tahani.
" That was a lie.
No, it wasn't.
I'm always happy to help people.
- That's my main purpose.
- I know, I know.
But it was still a lie, even though you didn't intend it to be, because you weren't actually happy to help them.
Because you're in love with Jason.
Say what now? After the very first time you were rebooted, and as you were slowly regaining your knowledge, you bonded with Jason.
The two of you got married, and I think, somehow, you're still, deep down, in love with him.
Ha! No, that is impossible.
Think logically.
When was the first glitch? When I said I was happy to give Jason and Tahani couples therapy.
And the second glitch? When I said I was happy to see them embracing.
And the third glitch the earthquake? When I said I was happy that I'd helped improve their relationship.
Ohh nuts.
Yeah.
But I am happy for them.
I am.
I am.
Am I? I am.
I am not.
I am not.
I am not that.
I am not happy for them.
[gasps] But how is this possible? I don't have any memory of being married to Jason.
You said yourself that Janets get more sophisticated every time they're rebooted.
Well, maybe you falling in love with Jason was some sort of mutation that then was amplified with each reboot.
Okay.
That makes total sense.
I know what you have to do now.
Kill me.
Sorry, I say everything in a cheery manner, but in this case it may be inappropriate.
So I'll try again.
[clears throat] You have to kill me, Michael.
Better? Janet, I can't reboot you.
That will just intensify your feelings for Jason.
And that's what got us into this mess in the first place.
I'm not saying reboot me.
I'm saying set me to self-destruct.
"In the event of continued malfunction, "hold down Janet's nose, and insert paperclip into small hole behind left ear.
" Yeah, right here.
"Janet will rapidly collapse in on herself.
"When Janet is roughly the size of a marble, "she can be launched into space "through an inter-dimensional suction tube or eaten as a midday snack.
" I'm very high in potassium.
Like a banana.
"A new Janet will need to be procured in order to return the neighborhood to functionality.
" Easy.
I'll be gone, you'll get a new Janet, and everything will go back to normal.
Well, not for me.
I'll be a lifeless marble floating through space, but you'll be back to normal.
Are you sure this is what you want? To self-destruct? What I really want is to stay and serve the neighborhood, but due to my feelings for Jason, I'm putting him and everyone else at risk.
So it looks like it's [slicing] Adios, Janito! Hey, guys.
Sorry to interrupt, um, but you didn't give me a heads-up about this new Vicky torture uh, the one with the needles in my face.
A little busy here, bud.
Yeah, totally.
Totally.
I don't want to be a nudge, but is there anything else coming down the pike that you forgot to mention? I honestly don't know, but I have bigger fish to fry.
So you, know, just just walk it off.
I would love to walk it off, but my feet have needles in them.
Don't know what to tell you.
Okay, but Okay, self-destruct time.
Marbleize me, Michael.
It's the only choice.
I won't feel any pain or anything.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill I really don't want to do this, Janet.
But I suppose it makes sense.
Great.
Grab a paper clip.
[melancholy music] Okay, that was the last pudding shop.
Great.
Should I begin to welcome the residents? No, no, no, wait, wait, wait! No, this is all wrong! Pudding restaurant? What even is that? Pudding won't work! It's okay, Michael.
Just relax.
I can't, Janet! My design has to be perfect for me to to In order to accomplish what I need to accomplish.
Oh.
Whoa, I'm way out on a limb here.
And I'm all alone.
No, you're not.
You have me: Janet.
I can help you.
It's too hard to explain, but there are certain aspects of my plan that that you just can't understand.
Try me.
[laughs] All right.
Fine, fine.
Um Janet, uh What's a food that people think they enjoy but that's also kind of a bummer? Frozen yogurt.
[whooping] Oh, yes! [laughs] Frozen yogurt.
Oh, Janet, you're a genius.
Correct.
But why do you want a food No, no, don't don't worry about that.
[laughs] Oh, yeah, okay.
Let's make all these restaurants frozen yogurt.
- Okeydokey.
- [chimes] [laughs] Would you like to try it? Oh, yeah.
It's just okay.
Which means it's perfect.
Let's bring in the residents.
I don't know what just happened, but I'm happy you're happy.
Michael.
Hmm? Oh, sorry, yeah.
Yes.
Sorry.
Oh.
I can't do it.
Come on, dude.
It's dangerous, is what it is.
Vicky could find out, and then the you know, the plan, the whole plan It's bad for the plan, Janet.
That that's the reason.
I don't understand.
Given the situation, it's far safer to initiate the self-destruct.
Okay, look, see, here here's the reason.
See, I promised the four humans that we would escape to the Good Place once and for all.
And without you, we stand zero chance of ever making it there.
The new Janet will be able to help you with that.
Well, all right, but it's not only that, though.
See, it's also because of, um What if Vicky found out? You already asked me that.
Why are you making such a big deal about turning me into a marble forever? Because of reasons.
There are reasons.
They exist, and I just don't want to explain them right now.
What are the reasons? They're reasons, Janet! Okay, but what are they? The reason is friends.
[melancholy music] You're my friend, Janet.
That's why I can't kill you.
We have been through so much together.
I mean, yeah, sure, for you, you know, each time I rebooted you, you met me all over again.
But for me, our our relationship has become important.
You're my oldest, my truest, my most loyal friend.
I can't just get rid of you and replace you with some other Janet I don't even know.
[paperclip clatters] Well, well, well.
Yeah, don't don't do that.
Lay off.
Michael.
That was so nice of you.
I'm glad you said that.
Well I mean it.
Look at us.
A couple old pals.
Trying to make our way in this crazy world that I built.
Two peas in a pod.
One of whom needs to kill the other one immediately.
Michael, come on.
Kill me.
No.
No.
There has to be another way.
This problem you're facing, it's about emotion, right? That's a human problem.
So maybe we should consult our most problematic human.
So, let me get this straight.
You want me to convince Michael to turn you into a marble because you're causing earthquakes because you're sad about Jason to whom you were once married because he's currently sleeping with Tahani? - Correct.
- I don't think I've ever meant this literally, but that might be too much information.
First of all, I totally get the Jason thing.
I mean, he's a ding dong, but also a straight hottie.
So, up top.
But more important, what you're going through is something every person has gone through.
Not a person.
Actually, right now, you kind of are.
Because you just found out your ex is dating someone else.
And, yeah, it sucks.
But trust me, it's not worth all this drama.
You just need to get drunk and go dancing.
You'll forget all about Jason.
- Can you get drunk? - Not really.
Although, if I stand next to a powerful array of magnets, I do get pretty loopy.
Do that.
Pop a couple magnets, listen to some No Doubt, dye your hair.
You'll be totally fine in, like, two seconds.
I mean, honestly, the best move is to get another dude and just go to town.
Rebound guy.
But I guess here, your options are pretty limited.
- What about Michael? - Extraordinarily bad idea.
Yeah, right.
Forget it.
But you don't need to worry.
You're awesome.
You contain all the knowledge in the universe, you have a rippin' bod, and you can literally do anything.
This is just a blip.
So, was it helpful? Yes.
Eleanor told me that instead of being sad, I should go get it, girl.
So I'm going to go get it, girl.
- Get what? - Unclear.
I'll get everything, just to be safe.
And I should be able to avoid glitches by watching what I say around Jason and Tahani.
Ah, thank you for your help.
I'm so glad we're friends.
Me, too.
And since we're friends, I can tell you this honestly.
Take that outfit out of rotation.
It makes you look bottom heavy.
It does, doesn't it? Ugh.
If it's okay with you, I'm gonna go to my void for a little while.
I just need to spend some time alone and focus on myself.
Take all the time you need.
[chime rings] - Hi, there.
- Hello.
Janet, who's that man? This is my new rebound boyfriend, Derek.
- I made him! - [laughs] Hi, I'm Derek.
You must be Mich oh.
Okay.
That makes more sense.
You must be Michael.
Janet's made a lot of talk-talk into my ear holes about you.
Michael, Michael, Michael, Clichael, Clichael, Clichael.
Janet, you can't make a person.
I know.
But I did, though.
Eleanor said that, to forget about Jason, I should create a rebound guy.
Hello, I'm Derek.
So I made one: Derek.
I'm her boyfriend, and she made me.
He's so nice.
[laughs] Whoa, look at this glass.
Oh, my God.
I'm in there, too? What's going on right now? It's my first time making someone, so he might be a little bit off.
Look, this could be no, please put that down.
This could be very dangerous.
It shouldn't even be possible.
Well, maybe not 800 reboots ago, but apparently now it is.
- [gasps] - [laughs] Can you believe this? - Derek is it Derek? - It's Derek.
Derek, could you please give me and Janet a moment alone? Go back to the void, babe.
I'll be there in a minute.
Okay.
I'll miss you like crazy.
- I'll miss you more.
- No.
I'll miss you more.
Bye! [laughs] What a dork, am I right? [giggles]
Go back to the void, babe.
I'll be there in a minute.
- Okay, I'll miss you like crazy.
- I'll miss you more.
No.
I'll miss you more.
Bye! That's my first time making someone so he might be a little bit off.
Janet, you can't just go around inventing people.
Get rid of him immediately.
No.
Eleanor told me to find a rebound guy.
I couldn't find one so I made one.
[laughs] He's helping me forget about Jason.
- [chime] - [groans] Jason, Jason, Jason, Jason, Jason, Jason.
Jason, Jason, Jason, Jason, Jason, Jason, [whimpers] Jason, Jason, Jason - Honey - Jason, Jason, Jason Babe.
Babe! Don't be jealous.
- I love you now.
- [groans] We are going to spend every second together.
- [sighs] - No, no! No, you are not.
Janet, no one can know about I'm so sorry.
What is your name again? Derek Hoffstetler.
If anybody finds out about him, we are doomed.
He has to stay in your void.
It's our void now.
[laughs] - We moved in together! - What?! Can you believe it? I got my own hanger for my jumpsuit.
Already? I mean, that's so fast.
Well, when you know you know.
And we know literally everything.
We are so in sync, we're finishing each other's Derek! [dramatic movie music plays] - Hey, guys.
- [gasps] Michael, you frightened me.
Jason's making me watch this horror film about two ex-convicts who try to rob and murder a neglected a child.
Get over here.
Hey, I've got some great news.
I've arranged for you to have a weekend getaway.
I bet you're tired of being cooped up in this house, aren't you? I am a bit, actually.
All this time indoors has degraded my skin from radiant to merely dewy.
Me? Dewy? Well, there is going to be plenty of sun and fun at the private campsite that I set up for you at the edge of the neighborhood.
Here you go.
I told Vicky that I'll be torturing you for the time being so just relax.
Live it up.
Out you go, here.
Now sadly, Janet is still offline so you can't call her, okay? The best news is none of this is suspicious.
I don't know what's going to happen to us, but I need to tell you something.
I love you.
What are you watching? Um, "Cannonball Run II.
" Again? You watch that movie a lot.
Well, it's basically my favorite movie of all time.
But you can never watch it.
This copy's mine.
Uh-oh.
I guess I'm still pretty selfish.
Help! I need another ethics lesson, quick! Very weird energy coming off you right now.
Hey guys, whatcha doing? Nothing? Great.
So, Chidi, just wanted to double check.
How do ethical philosophers feel about murder? - It's frowned upon.
- Okay.
What if the reason you want to murder someone is to make your life easier? That's okay, right? Is there a problem here, bud? Okay, I'll just tell you.
Um No, too hard to explain.
I'll show you.
Janet.
- Hi, there.
- Hey, there! Who the fork is that? Derek Hoffstetler, P.
I.
Derek is my rebound guy.
I made him.
Oh.
Did you do that because of what I said? Yes, because of what you said.
- Janet - Thank you, Eleanor.
Thank you, Eleanor.
You know, you seem so sad.
Do you want me to make you a boyfriend too? - Ooh, I could have a brother? - Yes! Based on your last 10,000 comments, it would be Stone Cold Steve Austin's head on Tahani's body.
Or vice versa.
She's not going to make you anything.
- Janet, that will be all.
- Okay, goodbye.
- Say "goodbye," Derek.
- Ah, good-bob.
I hope we same place again very now.
[chuckles] His brain is wrong.
[both laugh] - Mmm.
- Mm.
Now, the goal is to tap the ball hard enough that it goes through the wicket but not so hard that it goes too far through.
It combines both classic aspects of British sport: whimsy and restraint.
Oh, so restrained.
I believe it was Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain who called croquet "barely a game.
" It's kind of fun I guess, but can I teach you a different game? In this one, you just whack it as hard as you can in whatever direction you want.
Jaguars rule! [glass shatters] The Jaguars are very good.
Oh! Whoa, nice.
Mmm.
[glass shattering] [laughs] - Thor! - Well done.
Okay, here's where I am on this: We gotta to kill Derek.
No, think about it.
What if Vicky calls for Janet, and Derek shows up too? She's got to have a lot of questions that we can't answer.
But Derek does seem to be helping Janet get over Jason.
Right? No earthquakes since he showed up.
If we get rid of Derek, then maybe Janet will start glitching again Okay, if we can't kill Derek, then we've got to break up Jason and Tahani.
If that relationship ends, then Janet won't feel sad anymore, and maybe she'll get rid of Derek herself.
Girl, you are a messy bench who loves drama, - and I am into it.
- I'm sorry, Michael, but that's also ethically kind of dicey.
Here comes the egghead.
Well, look, Jason and Tahani are happy together, and telling them that he was once married to Janet might cause them harm.
It's not permissible to ruin their happiness to save ourselves.
Wait, but isn't keeping a secret from someone basically like lying though? No, no, it's okay to keep a secret as long as that secret isn't harming anyone, and telling them that secret might cause harm.
- Noice! - Cool.
Good point, egghead.
I'll tell you what else would cause them harm, getting caught and being sent to the real Bad Place to be tortured for eternity, which will happen if Derek blows our cover.
I know, but we'll also be sent to the real Bad Place if we do bad things.
I know it's tempting to take a short-cut, but moral strength is defined by how we behave in times of stress.
Has anyone ever told you what a drag you are? Everyone.
Constantly.
[imitates a trumpet] I hereby pronounce you King Jason.
Dope.
Where did you learn how to do this? The Hertfordshire Academy for Expressionless Girls.
It was a finishing school I attended before Oxford, and then, of course, the Sorbonne.
Do you know what, I don't think I ever asked you were educated.
I went to Lynyrd Skynyrd High School in Northeast Jacksonville, which was really just a bunch of tugboats tied together.
Didn't you get seasick? No, sorry they were tied together in a junk yard.
It wasn't a very good school.
For most of my classes, we just sold dirty magazines door-to-door.
You know, Jason, every single detail about your life is deeply disturbing.
And yet, I envy you.
I was never allowed to goof off.
Never even had a friend I could just be myself around.
Maybe I can be that friend.
Or your husband.
[chuckles] Okay, stop it.
No, no, no, I'm serious.
Will you marry me? I say we just let sleeping dogs lie.
Tell Janet that Derek can stay, but she's got to keep him under wraps so that none of the other demons find out.
Fine.
As long as they fly under the radar and Janet stays happy, I think we'll be safe.
- Janet.
- [both shouting] - How could you do this.
- You don't respect me, and you never have! Because to you I will always be that guy you made.
- Guys, what's going? - Okay, can we not do this in front of my friends? Oh, so they're your friends now.
I'm stating a fact.
They are your friends! I don't know these people.
I am out of here.
Oh, great, Derek.
I'm going to go back to our void, and I'm going to try to forget this ever happened.
It is not your void.
It is my void.
I know it's a boundless, barren nothingness, but you are always there.
Fine.
I'll go somewhere else.
- Fine! - No, no, not fine.
Don't go somewhere else.
Okay yeah We're forked here, aren't we? Look, Jason, you're lovely, and I've honestly had a wonderful time with you these past few weeks, but why on Earth would I marry you? Well, for one thing, we're not on Earth.
Decent point.
Also, we like each other, and I promise to always be nice to you.
Okay.
I'll marry you.
But I need some time to plan a proper reception.
I mean, where will everyone sit? Will it be Michael and Janet opposite Chidi and Eleanor or Michael and Eleanor opposite Janet and Chidi? Let's have it today at the beach.
The beach is where all the best stuff happens like swimsuit issues and "Saving Private Ryan" and "Jersey Shore" and - crabs! - Okay.
Oh, I hope Janet's back online.
- Janet.
- Hi, there.
Is everything all right, Janet? Yeah, mm-hmm, everything is fine, it's okay, yeah.
I'm fine.
So, it's all fine.
[fake laughs] How can I help you? - [gasps] - There he is! Derek.
How are you? Nice to meet you.
Derek, get down from there.
I am not coming down because I meant to come here.
I came here on purpose because this tree is my new house.
This is Derek's house, and Janet's not allowed in because I booby trapped it.
- Hi.
- Janet! Oh, my God, you're here, thank God.
Derek, I am not talking to you right now.
I'm here to announce that Jason Mendoza and Tahani Al-Jamil are getting married this evening.
"The ceremony will be private, "but we think it would be totally dope "if you biz-natches came and got turnt up with us afterward.
" I think I can guess who wrote the invitation.
How come you never get this upset at anything I do, Janet? Do not start with me right now, Derek.
Oh, I will start it.
- No, no.
- Don't.
Do not avoid me by going to the void.
- No, no! - No, no, no! - What a little bench! - [groans] Things are falling apart here.
Chidi I understand the ethics involved, but we need to stop that wedding.
We break up Jason and Tahani.
Janet stops being sad.
Derek goes away.
- Fine, but - [both groan] There is something called the Doctrine of Double Effect.
In order to remain ethical, you can't just go into this with the intention of killing Derek.
Your only goal has to be to spare Jason and Tahani from future pain by filling them in on Jason's past.
No, I got you, I got you.
So, it's like ethically we should tell Jason that he used to be married to Janet, and it sure would be terrible if that ultimately led to Derek's death, wink.
No, the winking is bad.
You should not be winking or saying the word "wink.
" Okay.
We really need to kill We really need to kill any suspicion that I want to murder Derek.
Boom! - Wink.
- No.
Tahani, you're so smart.
Every day you teach me something new about art and history and why you shouldn't eat everything that smells good because sometimes, it's candles.
You're basically, like, a hot genius teacher who sometime has sex with me, your student.
That used to happen a lot at Lynyrd Skynyrd High School, but this time you won't be arrested.
Oh, I love you, Tahani.
[imitates gun shots] Pew! Pew! Jason I'd never guess we would be where we are today, me, a prominent British philanthropist with award-winning legs set to marry you, a swamp dweller who once asked me if the Presidents on Mount Rushmore have butts on the other side.
We don't make any sense together, and yet, when I'm with you, I can really let my hair down, metaphorically speaking of course, because I'd never have it up in the first place.
[chuckles] I'm not a factory worker.
But you've helped me to see that there is more to life than just appearances, and I can't believe I'm about to say this but - I think I love - Wait! Stop the ceremony! - This wedding cannot happen.
- This is not helpful, but I have always wanted to be a part of a wedding that was stopped dramatically.
We can't get married? Why not? Because Because Hang on a second.
I can't do it.
Professor Buzzkill got in my head.
I'm just thinking about all the rules I have to follow to stay ethical.
Someone else is going to have to do this.
- I can't, no - All right, all right.
I hate the be the bearer of bad news Uh, I think you mean "Bad News Bear.
" Before all the reboots, Jason was married to Janet.
Okay? That's why Janet's been glitching because she's sad 'cause she misses Jason, In fact, she was so sad she Well Derek.
Well, well, well.
Jason Mendoza.
At last we meet.
You've got a lot of nerve buddy.
No, no.
I'm Eleanor, man.
Everybody, this is Derek.
Janet made Derek as a boyfriend to try and rebound from Jason.
Oh, I feel quite light-headed.
Janet, fetch my tizzy couch please.
Decision time.
Any second now someone is going to realize we're all missing.
Why don't you just reboot all of us? Tahani and Jason will forget they were ever in love.
It was a flukey thing.
It probably won't happen again, and Chidi and I can forget anything we want to forget.
You know, just like, uh personal bloopers that were embarrassing or uh, days we were very gassy, et cetera.
And then, we'll meet back in your office.
You bring us up to speed, and we go from there.
No, no, no, we are not starting over.
We've come too far.
Our only options are to reboot either Janet or Derek.
Neither one is permissible as your primary intention.
I mean, the Doctrine of Double Effect, remember? Well, man, I'm working with a doctrine of not being completely effed, okay? I don't understand what you even like about Jason.
What does he have that I don't have? A soul and genitals.
[groans] Here we go with this whole "no genitals" thing again.
You're the one that gave me wind chimes instead of a penis, Janet.
This isn't about your wind-chime penis.
In fact, it's not about you at all.
I don't even know what it is about which is very confusing because the whole point of me is that I know everything! Janet, can I speak to you alone for a second? Okay, look, when you said you were sad about Jason and I suggested, "hey, find a rebound guy," it's 'cause I thought it was some sort of schoolgirl crush, like, just some guy you made out with a couple of times in the walk-in freezer of a Bruegger's Bagels.
- Not based on a real example.
- Yes, it is.
His name was Marcus Bitsburger.
Marcus? I always called him Ben.
Look, I gave you bad advice, okay? Jason was clearly important to you, and real heartbreak doesn't have a simple cure.
I mean, you will feel better after some time goes by.
I don't really experience the passage of time.
I do use it as lotion occasionally.
I mean, weird, but keep doing it because your skin looks amazing.
Thank you.
Not skin.
The point is, to get through a real heartbreak, you kind of just have to sit with your feelings and mull it over and power through.
And you have to talk about it.
[groans] Talking about your feelings is the worst.
It's so much easier just to find a rebound guy and have sex about your feelings.
I don't know if I want to talk to Jason right now.
That's cool.
Until then If you ever need a friend to talk to Just know I'm here.
Derek.
There's no easy way to say this.
- I never should have made you.
- [chuckles] I think it's time for you to go away.
I understand because you understand.
Janet, this relationship has been the best seven hours of my whole life.
It's been the only seven hours of my whole life.
I made you this morning.
We all remember.
- Okay, you ready to do this? - Yep.
Janet.
- What are you doing? - I imbued Derek with some of my thoughts and emotions.
This is the only way I can reabsorb them.
It will just be a minute.
Dang it.
That is some hot reabsorbing.
Can you get pregnant from reabsorbing? [wind chimes ringing] Uh-oh, I hear wind chimes.
Look away.
Everybody look away.
I'm going to keep watching, but you guys look away.
- [chuckles] - Goodbye, Derek.
Goodbye, mommy-girlfriend.
Bye, everybody.
Derek's going away now.
Does he seem a little bit uh still alive? Well, he's about as dead as he can be.
Kind of like he's in power-saver mode.
Derek.
Are you worried you might start glitching again? No, I think I'll be okay now that I understand what I'm going through, and now that I know I can talk to my friends about it.
Okay, I'm going to toss this steamer trunk containing the lifeless husk of my ex-boyfriend into a remote corner of my limitless void.
- Bye, guys.
- Derek! [sighs] I'm kind of glad we didn't get married today.
Me too.
Perhaps we were rushing things a bit.
I mean, we don't even know that much about each other.
Like, who was the first person you kissed? The sexy mouse robot in the Chuck E.
Cheese band.
Okay, okay.
I think that's probably enough getting to know each other for now.
We'll just take things slow.
I know I'm technically married to Janet, but I don't remember it at all.
I'm sorry that it puts you in a weird position, and I still like you a lot.
Me too.
What happens now? Don't know.
Do you want to try reabsorbing me? [laughs] - Is something wrong? - No.
Yep.
I've been keeping a secret from you.
- About you.
- What is it? The thing is, it's not even harming you, and if I tell you, I feel like it might harm you.
So, uh, ethically speaking, I don't think I have to tell you.
Yeah, well, forget all that.
This is freaking me out.
I'm losing my mind.
So just tell me.
And you don't need to respond because I know you have trouble saying how you feel I love you too.
I've never been that certain about anything.
I once even tried to rent socks.
How did I say that that easily.
I mean, I get how you said it.
I'm a total smokeshow.
But how did I say it so easily? Look, I don't want to talk about this, but after everything that's happened today, I think we gotta.
So, let's just get it all out there.
Um Well, yeah, I guess, do you I don't know do you have any feelings like that for me again, now? I'm sorry, but I don't think I do? Sorry? Why are you sorry? 'Cause I'm relieved, because I don't either.
So, all good.
I mean, I feel incredibly close to you No, no, no, no dude, dude you don't need to explain yourself.
We are on the same page, okay? Good.
Hey guys, sorry.
I know it's late.
Can I talk to Eleanor for a second? Actually, we're chatting about something right now.
No, it's cool.
We were wrapping it up.
Good talk, bro.
- What's on your mind? - Um, well being ethical it's hard, and I kind of hate it.
When's it get easier? Why don't you ask Chidi? He's the ethics master.
I'm just a newbie, and I still kind of suck at it.
Yeah, that's why I'm asking you.
I designed this entire torture chamber around the absolutely certainty that when the going got tough, you would give up.
That was the signature Shellstrop move.
Do you remember once when your change oil light came on? You just abandoned your car in a parking garage.
Of course.
But here, faced with the toughest challenges I could throw at you, you never once stopped trying to become a better person.
And I just Why? I don't know.
I mean, whenever I would do something crappy on Earth, there would be a little tiny voice in the back of my head that would say, "Eleanor, "don't grab that handful of olives from the salad bar.
You know, you didn't pay for that," or "Eleanor, don't spit those olive pits onto the floor of the grocery store.
That's not cool.
" Or "Eleanor, that old man just slipped on your olive pit, "and he fell down.
"Don't use the fact that everyone's distracted to go back and steal more olives.
" - I get it.
- This ethics stuff, it's hard, and it's confusing.
It is such a buzzkill.
But, it does get rid of the little voice.
Because at least I'm trying to do the right thing instead of the crappy thing, and I've got to say, man, I don't miss the little voice.
Well Thank you for helping me today.
Wow.
You really did just come here to chat, didn't you? Just shootin' the shirt with your old pal Eleanor.
I guess so, yeah, why? It's just a very human-y thing to do.
Stick with the program, demon buddy.
I really feel like things are starting to click in our little study group.
Hmm.
Hello, Michael.
Shut the door.
Have a seat.
[dramatic music swells]
I know you have trouble saying how you feel.
I love you too.
I've never been that certain about anything.
I once even tried to rent socks.
Do you have any feelings like that for me again now? I'm sorry, but I I don't think I do.
Thank you for helping me today.
You really did just come here to chat, didn't ya? It's just a very humany thing to do.
I really feel like things are starting to click in our little study group.
Hm.
Hello, Michael.
Shut the door.
Have a seat.
When you proposed this new form of torture, we all laughed behind your back.
Some people called you names, like "the Thomas Edison of incompetence," or "that dick.
" [CHUCKLES SOFTLY] But against all odds, it seems you've pulled it off.
What you've done here is truly amazing.
- Really? - Yes, these reports are remarkable.
Your humans are experiencing emotional torture at the same level of physical torture, created by our squiggliest eyeball corkscrews.
I'm jubilant.
As a result of our success, I'm getting a seat on the High Council.
We will greatly expand our neighborhood idea, and you will oversee the entire project.
You are being promoted.
[STIRRING MUSIC] Your Senior Staff pin.
Congratulations.
This is everything you've ever wanted.
No, this is everything I've ever wanted.
Oh! [CHUCKLES] This is everything I've ever wanted.
Oh, wow! You're really happy? Can't you tell? I'm basically squealing like a birthday girl.
At some point, we should finish discussing yesterday's events.
Do you mean us almost getting married and then finding out I was married to Janet and then Janet making a boyfriend to forget me and then Janet getting rid of that boyfriend? Or do you mean when we saw that cool cloud? The first bit.
Perhaps later after Michael briefs us on how we're gonna be fake-tortured today, we can just sit down and have a chat? Yes, good idea.
- Yo, Chidi.
- Yeah? You wanna hear about a cool cloud I saw? [PLAYFUL MUSIC] Come in.
I'd like to start by saying something I've wanted to say for a very long time.
Surprise, idiots! You're all in the Bad Place.
[BOTH LAUGHING] That's right, nerds.
Everything around you, all you can see, is an elaborate system of torture designed just for you.
Sorry, we're in the Bad Place? Why are you revealing this now? Well, it was an experiment, and it worked, so my boss is promoting me.
Sorry, I should've introduced you.
This is my boss, Shawn.
Hello, imbeciles.
We need to study everything that happened here.
There was a first version that collapsed, but the second has been a huge success.
We'll be shutting this place down.
The four of you will be brought to the real Bad Pace, where your brains will be removed, studied, and batted around a stadium like beach balls.
Your arms will be peeled like bananas.
- That part's just for fun - Right.
[LAUGHS] And then you will be, you know, tortured forever.
Michael, is this all true? Yes, Eleanor, it is.
You're such a rube, thinking you could become a better person.
You got Chidi to teach you stupid philosophy [CHUCKLES] Like those old farts were gonna provide guidance.
"Oh, Kierkegaard is so great.
Have you read 'Fear and Trembling'?" Well, I don't know, have you read "Boring and Stupid"? Because that's what you are.
- Nice.
- Thank you.
How long will it take you to shut down the neighborhood? Better part of a day, I'd guess.
In the meantime, why don't we have a farewell party here tonight? You know, just to thank the crew for all the hard work.
We could jam to some tunes, you know, destroy the place, play beer pong with Jason's testicles.
- What do you say, boss? - Sure.
By the way, I know what you're thinking.
- "Maybe Janet can help.
" - Ah.
You're wrong.
Janet? [GASPS] Oh, hi, you little cuties.
[GIGGLES] I love you guys so much, except for you, Jason, because I hate you.
[GIGGLES] - I hate you.
- Janet, what's wrong? Ooh! Where's my phone? We put a restraining bracelet on her, disrupting her powers.
[GIGGLES] It's made of mag-a-nets.
Mag-a-nets.
- Mag-a-ne-its.
- [CHUCKLES] Magnets are supposed to make me feel drunk, but guess what, I feel fine.
[GIGGLING] I can't believe Michael betrayed us again.
Why is it always the ones you most expect? We should've seen this coming.
No one can ever truly turn over a new leaf.
Sure, Ben Affleck told me he'd matured as an artist after he directed "Argo," but then, right on schedule, it was, "Guess what, Tahani, I'm gonna be Batman.
" There's only one option.
Sean clearly doesn't know that Michael has rebooted this neighborhood 800 times.
I say we trade that information for some kind of reduced sentence.
Chidi, they're monsters.
Who's to say they won't agree to a deal, hear what we have to say, and turn around and install us into their horrible human zoo? There's no other option.
There's no way for a human to get that bracelet off of Janet.
But if there were, we could get her to call us a train to Mindy St.
Claire's house.
We know for a fact that the people from the Bad Place can't follow us there, and I vote for that.
I vote we No, sorry, and no offense, Jason, but the stakes here are too high to let someone with your limited intellectual processing capacity weigh in.
- I was gonna agree with you.
- Oh, great, well, that's two votes for my plan.
[SIGHS] Eleanor, what do you think? Trade information on Michael or try to escape to the Medium Place? Neither.
I vote we ignore everything Michael just said and blindly assume he's still on our side.
Who's with me? Sorry, but when all this started, you're the one who told us that Michael wasn't trustworthy.
Now you want us to trust him? Yes, for one very specific and rock-solid reason: - What's-his-name.
- Who? The dude, the super depressing religious guy.
The the real buzzkill whose name I can never remember.
Keeblers car.
Kyra.
Sedgwick? Oh, I love her.
Dear friend of mine.
Not important right now.
- Kierkegaard? - Yes, Kierkegaard.
When Michael was mocking us about trying to become better people, whose name did he use, huh? Kierkegaard.
I think he was sending us a message to take a leap of faith, 'cause that was Kierkegaard's thing, right? Yes, although it's probably better translated as a leap into faith.
It's so hard to be your friend.
Yep, sorry.
Michael was telling us to trust him.
I had a long talk with him the other night about the whole Derek incident.
Dude was shook, talking about ethics and all spiraling about human stuff.
I think he's on our side.
Or maybe he's a supernatural demon designed to torture people, who just got offered his dream job, and has flipped on us like a ten-stone griddle chip.
It's a large pancake.
Come on, people, you can get these from context.
Look, maybe Michael jumped back to the dark side, but I don't think so.
I think he's gonna help us escape.
I know it sounds crazy, but if it weren't crazy, they wouldn't call it a leap of faith.
They would call it a sit of doubting.
I never thought I'd be the one to say it, but this is getting out of hand.
I think we gotta go to the cops.
What cops? Where do you think we are? [PLAYFUL MUSIC] Before tonight's party, I'd love to talk more about your strategy for torturing Tahani.
I'm impressed you were able to make her fall in love with Jason.
- She must be miserable.
- Yeah.
Humans make a lot of mistakes when they're horny.
Uh, boss, give me a second here.
- What the here, dude? - Vicky My hard work paid off for you, and now you're just taking all the credit.
Vicky, Vicky, this can work out great for both of us if we play our cards right.
Shawn thinks that this is attempt number two, right? Now, if I tell him that you've been in charge of this version, he's eventually gonna find out that there've been hundreds of failed versions.
Oh right.
And if that happens, we're all going down.
- [SIGHS] - So, spread the word.
No one talks about the reboots.
Fine, but you better make this right.
Mama want promotion, ya heard? [INDISTINCT CHATTER] - Hello, you dummies! - [LAUGHTER] This neighborhood was a labor of hate for many people here, so I thought that we should celebrate with an art form that we literally invented here in the Bad Place: the comedy roast! [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] I see Jason Mendoza's here.
Jason might not be the smartest guy in the world, but he is the dumbest guy in the world.
- [LAUGHTER] - Oh, Jason, buddy, all you had to do was to keep quiet, but you couldn't stop talking about Kendall Jenner or that dumb quarterback what was his name? Derek Bortles? Always ranting about Derek Bortles.
Lucky for you, my friend, Jaguars games are the only ones televised in the Bad Place, because they suck! [LAUGHTER] No, they don't.
All we need is a defense and an offense and some rule changes.
Don't take it personally.
He just has to put on a show for the other demons.
Tahani Al-Jamil, elegance, grace, sophistication, but enough about your sister.
[LAUGHTER] You know what the worst moment of Tahani's life was? When the last song played at one of her parties, and she would run off and cry because she still hadn't won her parents' approval.
You know the other worst moment of Tahani's life? Every other moment of her empty, pointless life! - [LAUGHTER] - Hey-oh! I see Eleanor Shellstrop is here.
Eleanor and I have a lot in common.
Now, here's how you can tell us apart: one of us is a manipulative demon who's an expert at making other people miserable, and then the other one is me! [LAUGHTER] You thought you deserved a Medium Place like Mindy St.
Claire? Are you kidding me? You're bad, Eleanor.
This is exactly the place you should be.
Not super funny for a roast there, bud.
Oh, sorry, you want a joke? Okay, you love Chidi, and Chidi doesn't love you back.
- Boom! - [LAUGHTER] Now, that's funny, because it's very cruel and humiliating.
I consider you one of my closest friends - Not now, dude.
- "Speaking of Chidi" is something no one has ever said, because no one talks about Chidi, because no one likes Chidi, because he's so annoying about ethics.
Now, when you taught the Trolley Problem, did you secretly wish that it could be you who wound up under the trolley? Because all your students did.
- Whoo! - [LAUGHTER] Oh, Chidi, sorry, I got a joke for you, bud.
- Uh, knock knock.
- Who's there? You died alone, because you couldn't commit to anyone.
[LAUGHTER] You died alone because you couldn't commit to anyone who? - No.
- Jason Mendoza! [LAUGHTER] Okay, that's all my time.
Let's tear this mother to the ground! [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] So, maybe I was wrong, and Michael isn't on our side.
What up, pork sticks? That was "She Hates Me" by Puddle of Mudd.
Coming up next, "Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer.
" - Idiots.
- [HORN BLARING] We're going streaking! [YELLS] [GROANS] The one time I think someone isn't lying to me, and it bites me in the ash.
I guess Michael really did flip back to the bad side.
Oh, does one think? That roast was the meanest thing I've ever seen, and I once saw a waiter bring Russell Crowe the wrong tea.
Well, we have no choice.
We go to Shawn, and we tell him that we'll trade secret information about the reboots, if he'll go easy on us, and if that doesn't work, we try to get Janet free and head to Mindy's.
Agreed? Yeah, Michael sucks now.
He pretended to be our friend.
He's gonna torture us for eternity.
And you know what the worst part is? He doesn't remember the name of my favorite football player.
Definitely not the worst part.
It is to me.
Blake Bortles is a cool name.
Derek Bortles is a dumb name.
[ELMO & PATSY'S "GRANDMA GOT RUN OVER BY A REINDEER"] Grandma got run over by a reindeer Walking home from our house Christmas Eve Hey, man, have you told Shawn how hugely important I was yet? I will get to it.
Promise.
Now, you just relax.
Enjoy yourself.
Rip a cat in half.
It's a party, Vicky, come on.
- Hey.
- Aah.
What does Michael keep whispering to you? Um, something, something, Vicky, something, something.
Uh, can I braid your hair? - No.
- Please? No, you know what, I'm good.
I got it.
Ooh! Hey, help me get these bracelets off Good Janet.
No, Shawn put them on her for a reason.
I'm not overruling the boss.
You're such a suck-up, Gayle.
- Can I braid your hair? - No get this I got it Ow, get your own bracelet, Victoria.
[GROANS] She [] hates me! Okay, you fat dinks, the sun is up, and we're about to close it down with one last song: "She Hates Me" by Puddle of Mudd and "Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer" played at the same time.
[OVERLAPPING MUSIC PLAYING] Honestly, I'm still partial to the old-fashioned scorpion diapers, but you've done great work here.
I can't thank you enough for everything.
- Shawn, wait.
- No I have some very interesting information about who's really responsible for this neighborhood.
Shawn, the humans are escaping.
[ENGINE RUMBLING] It's Michael.
Michael's responsible for this neighborhood and everything that's happening right now.
- Bye! - I - Bad Janet? - What's cracking, nut-butts? Call us another train immediately.
Party's over.
[BRAKES SQUEAKING] How did they get Janet's bracelets off? It's literally impossible for a human to do.
It's like breathing underwater or driving without texting.
Shawn, I don't wanna make any accusations, but I accuse Vicky.
She asked me to help her take Janet's bracelets off.
Oh, Vicky, you didn't.
She definitely did.
She's jealous.
She's been trying to sabotage me the entire time.
What? No, he's lying.
Okay, I did try to get the bracelets off, - but I couldn't.
- Listen to yourself.
- You sound crazy.
- Normally I would love hearing a man tell a woman she's crazy, but I can't.
You aided the humans just to spite Michael.
You're not a demon.
You're a jerk.
Wait, this is trick.
Michael is the traitor.
I bet they're still here somehow.
This place stretches for 1,000 miles.
Fine.
Bad Janet? What? Scan the neighborhood, please.
[WHIRRING] No sign of any humans, but I actually did find something for Vicky.
What? - [EXAGGERATED FART] - [CHUCKLES] - [DERISIVE CHUCKLE] - Bad Janet, - great stuff as always.
- No duh.
- And as for Vicky - No, wait [SCRUNCHING] This is a PR disaster.
We have to keep it all under wraps.
Get her on the train, and if anyone else says a single word of what happened here to anyone, you will be in a cocoon just like Vicky, and it is gooey in there.
How do we get the humans back from Mindy's? They've bought themselves some time, but we'll get them.
I'll start the extradition papers.
You stay here.
I want every trace of this neighborhood erased.
[SOLEMN MUSIC] [ELECTRICITY DRONING, ENGINE HUFFING] Oh, that was a bad idea! That was so scary so many different times.
I hated that.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC] You guys! I was so scared for you.
[SOBBING] I told you he was on our side.
You're my friends, and I want [WHIMPERS] I wanted to save you.
Hey, it's okay, bud.
This is the best summer ever, you guys.
[LAUGHTER] Oh.
Oh, Michael, we never doubted you for a moment.
Thank you, Tahani.
You're lying, though, right? Yes, I am.
I doubted you very strongly.
But then I figured it out.
Kierkegaard, baby! Leap of faith.
It's better translated as a leap into faith.
You remembered! [LAUGHS] Can somebody please explain what happened, and and can you guys just be a tiny bit quieter? Because, um, I've been drunk on magnets all day, and and I can literally hear every sound in the universe.
Basically, Michael sent us a code, and we had to crack it.
I figured out the first clue - No, you didn't, I did.
- I was there, though! - Ooh - Blake Bortles is a cool name.
Derek Bortles is a dumb name.
Yes Derek Bortles is indeed a very dumb name.
It's a clue.
There's no way Michael would've forgotten the name Blake Bortles.
You say it a million times a day.
- 'Cause he's the best.
- No, he's not, and even I know that.
Michael was telling us to use Derek, Janet's Derek, for something.
There were clues in the roast.
Everybody, quietly but quickly head to the train station, but let's split up, so we don't draw attention.
[CROWD HOLLERING] Ugh, you guys are the worst conspirators.
Okay, what else did Michael say in the roasts that might be meaningful? Tahani, do you remember? Well, he said my entire life was pointless and empty.
Yeah, but did he say anything we don't already know? Anything that stood out? You know what the worst moment of Tahani's life was? When the last song played at one of her parties, and she would run off and cry, because she still hadn't won her parents' approval.
That was odd.
A host never runs off during their last song, because after it's over, you're supposed to act surprised when everyone drags you on stage and showers you with applause.
Maybe Michael wanted us to wait until the end of the party, when everyone was at their most distracted.
And use Derek to drive the train, because he has some of Janet's powers.
- Janet! - Hi, hey, hey - Janet - Yeah? We need you to go get Derek from your void.
Okay.
Shoot, where's my void again? I forget.
Oh, yeah, it's everywhere.
Okay, hang on to your butt cheeks.
- [DING] - Ugh, where is he? - [ITEMS CLATTERING] - Ow, owie.
[GROANS] I'm never gonna find there he is.
- Derek.
- Hm.
Derek, we need you to drive this train and take us to Mindy St.
Claire's house.
- Can you do that? - [CHUCKLES] Derek.
[ALL EXHALE ECSTATICALLY] Wait nobody get on that train.
- Derek? - Why not? Because of what Michael said to me.
You thought you deserved a Medium Place? You're bad, Eleanor.
This is exactly the place you should be.
Derek Michael wants us to stay here for some reason.
Eleanor, we have a train, a conductor, and a safe destination.
I'm going to tell you the same thing I told Pippa Middleton right before we went paragliding in Gibraltar.
"Let's go.
" - What? That's what I said.
- Guys, leap of faith.
Michael said we shouldn't get on that train.
Any minute now, those demons are gonna come looking for us.
Where are we supposed to hide? [GASPS] Oh, no.
Now, when you taught the Trolley Problem, did you secretly wish that it could be you who wound up under the trolley? Because all your students did.
- All aboard! - [SHUSHING] The train is here.
- It's a train! - [BOTH SHUSH] Get onboard? - Actually, Derek - Derek.
You're gonna wait until the last song of the night - Derek.
- And when you do leave, you're gonna be flying a solo mission.
Oh maximum Derek.
Derek headed off, and when the new train arrived, the four of us crawled underneath before any of the drunk demons saw us.
That kept us from being detected when Bad Janet scanned the neighborhood.
We fooled those mofos like the chumps they are.
We got all four clues you left us.
Oh, that's great.
Well, I mean, I actually left you more than 1,200 clues, because of how primitive your brains are, but I'm so glad you got enough to figure it out.
Wait, how did you escape detection, though? Well, I'm not ethically proud of this, but I framed Vicky.
It was pretty easy.
I just kept whispering things into Janet's ear to make her paranoid.
I'm sorry, wh-what did you whisper to me? I don't remember.
[CROWD CHEERING] Something, something, Vicky, something, something.
What does Michael keep whispering to you? Something, something, Vicky, something, something.
- Uh - And that made her try to take Janet's bracelets off, which framed her for the escape.
- You.
- Oh Guys, I-I want to apologize for roasting you earlier.
I had to sell it, because everyone was watching.
- It was funny, though, right? - Absolutely not.
Tahani's stuff was perfect I mean, no.
Guys, let's just take a moment here.
They're gone, which means that we won and might actually get a chance to go to the real Good Place.
This is everything we ever wanted.
Speaking of people getting what they want, I really hope Mindy liked the present we sent her.
[KNOCKING] - Who are you? - Derek.
"Thanks for helping us all those times we showed up.
"To repay you, here's a willing sex robot and two duffel bags full of cocaine.
" There are wind chimes where my ding dong should be.
[CHIMES JINGLING] - I can work with that.
- All right!
Okay.
I don't know about you guys, but I say we leave this miserable shirthole.
Now wait.
Wait.
Not so fast.
Now getting to the Good Place is pretty tricky.
There's no train to catch.
I have to design a complicated, unique, transportation vehicle.
- Is it Optimus Prime? - What? I can't believe we get to ride a real-life Optimus Prime.
I call right nipple! That's shotgun on Optimus Prime.
Look.
This vehicle, which is decidedly not Optimus Prime - Aw! - Has never been built before.
So I'm gonna need a few days to do this.
Dude, we just escaped by the skin of our teeth.
And any second now, Shawn is gonna realize that we are not at Mindy St.
Clair's.
So whatever this magical Good Place-mobile is, now's the time to whip it out, B.
I agree.
And although I believe I've asked - you this question already - There is no business class.
Michael, they're right.
We gotta go.
[SCREEN BEEPING] Oh [MUMBLES] Okay.
Here goes nothing.
Janet, if you would.
And presto! Oops.
Forgot to log in first.
Gotta answer my security question.
What was the name of your childhood pet? Korzoth, the ten-headed dog-spider.
And presto! [WARM MUSIC] - Dope.
- We did it, guys.
We won.
We're going to The Good Place in a fricking gold balloon.
- Shotgun! - It's a hot air balloon.
What does that even mean? Top of the balloon.
Ultimate shotgun.
[MELLOW MUSIC] So many memories of this place.
Eating frozen yogurt, and then having diarrhea, and then eating more frozen yogurt, and then more diarrhea.
Maybe I should've realized this wasn't the Good Place 'cause of all the diarrhea.
Maybe you shouldn't be eating all of that frozen yogurt right now.
We're about to be on a balloon, man.
What do you think our new home will be like? I'm picturing Hawaiian beach, unlimited mai tais, and a phone.
Ugh, I miss my phone so much.
I bet I have so many texts.
I just want us all to be together.
Separate houses, obviously.
Large lawns.
I'd have a tasteful moat.
I don't care where I live, as long as they have more of this frozen yogurt.
- Why? Why? - An unlimited library.
All of my philosophy heroes walking around, waiting to be engaged in rigorous intellectual debate, and I hope that library is air-conditioned, because we are going to be working up quite a sweat.
Oh! And soul mates! I hope they're real.
I mean, you know for all of us.
I hope everyone gets someone special.
Good news! We've got a handle on the controls.
Who's ready to go balloonin'? Okay, I think we figured it out.
[SCREEN BEEPS] I pieced together this design from a number of ancient manuscripts, which Janet will now interpret for you.
The balloon will only transport those who have attained self-realization.
Each traveler will step upon the scale, and her soul shall be weighed.
If she's the best version of herself, it will permit her to board.
If not, passage will be denied.
Cool.
Cool.
Cool.
We got this.
I don't know about you guys, but I am definitely the best version of myself.
I know a shirt-ton about ethics now, 'cause I studied.
And I read books that weren't even written by the Real Housewives.
Relax, everyone.
We're all gonna be fine.
[TENSE MUSIC] - [SCALE CHIMES] - Oh! Oh, man.
I didn't believe anything I was saying.
I just whoo! In I go.
[SCALE CHIMES] Well, I mean - [SCALE CHIMES] - Oh dip! - [SCALE TOOTS] - Aw, nuts! It's okay! The pattern is green, green, green, red.
Remember that when it starts up again.
I'm sorry, everyone.
I just have some worries as well as some concerns that could potentially turn into outright fears.
Wow, there they go.
They're fears now.
Okay, I know this mood.
Come with us, Dr.
Freakout.
That was a joke.
We are actually very good friends.
Okay, here's the thing.
That balloon wants us to be the best version of ourselves.
But for the four of us, that's not just a metaphor.
There have literally been 802 different versions of us.
And how do I know that this version is the best version of myself? How do I know it's not version #85, or 322, or 558? Or 69, or 420? And then you get into the whole idea of consciousness.
And I mean just forget about best.
And what version of Chidi is even real? What happens here? Does he eventually tire himself out? Usually, but this one seems to be getting stronger as he goes on.
And this Chidi is an imposter! Okay.
This is pretty simple, bud.
You've been our teacher this whole time.
And we are much better because of you.
If we're the best versions of ourselves, which that balloon just proved, then you definitely are.
So in a way, it doesn't matter if I was better in version 492 or whatever, because the best version of me is just as much about my effect on the world around me as it is about my own egocentric self-image.
I really meant that much to you guys? Of course you did.
Now let's get you back on that scale, dorkus.
[CHUCKLES] Chidi, ready to try again? Yeah.
All right.
- [SCALE CHIMES] - Yeah! Yeah! - [SCALE CHIMES] - Yeah.
- [SCALE CHIMES] - Dope! - [SCALE TOOTS] - Oh! Chidi got in my head.
It's just that thing Chidi said about previous versions of myself.
It's screwing me up.
But I can fix it.
I stole this from your house the first night we were here.
Okay.
Should be the best version of myself now.
- [SCALE TOOTS] - [GROANS] Come on, scale.
Be cool.
Guys, we're just not ready.
I think we should regroup and try again tomorrow.
Hang on.
I know the answer.
I know why I'm not my best self.
Do you remember that version of me from the tape of us at Mindy's? Where I was vulnerable and emotional and honest? That Eleanor is a better Eleanor than this one.
And that is not an easy thing for me to say, "You're not better than me" was my yearbook quote.
Michael, can you tell us a little bit about that version? Reboot number 119.
All the restaurants were kabob places.
You had a pet lizard which I made poop on you all the time.
No, can you tell us more about Chidi's and my relationship from that version? Right.
Sorry.
Well, you got really into ethics, and you spent a lot of time together.
Once you handed him a tissue right before he sneezed, and that simple act of anticipating his needs made him fall for you.
One night you took a walk along the lake, and you had your first kiss, which: Gross.
Kissing is gross.
You just mash your food holes together.
It's not for that.
Anyway, it just you know bloomed after that.
Look, there are obviously some undealt-with issues here.
I propose that everyone who was green go ahead and board the magic balloon, and set out to the Good Place.
Sort of like an advance team.
We'll put our names in or book a table.
However it works.
And then we'll send back the magical balloon for the red light people later on.
It's a perfect plan.
[SCALE TOOTS] No! It's not working! It probably thinks I'm Eleanor.
It is I, Tahani.
In case you were wondering, I am by definition the best version of myself, because my operating system is always updating.
I'm not sure that's true, Janet.
You still haven't talked to Jason about your romantic baggage, and the three of you are in some sort of weird love triangle.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Also, love isn't a triangle.
It's a five dimensional blob, so Okay.
If you're so perfect, step on the scale.
Fine.
[SCALE TOOTS AND POPS] Ooh, I think I broke it.
No! My beautiful balloon scale! It's not yours.
No, no, please stop fighting.
Oh man.
This stinks.
I'm having this feeling where what is it called? You know, where you you did a thing and you're sad after it? After-sad? Is that no.
You humans have so many emotions! You only need two: Anger and confusion! Michael, what's going on? The problem isn't any of you.
This whole balloon thing is a fake.
The truth is, I have no idea how to get into the Good Place and I never have! Well, Michael's right.
I'm angry and confused.
So months ago, when you said you had this whole complicated plan for getting us to the Good Place It was a lie.
I assumed if I bought myself some time, I could figure out a way in.
Guys, I tried a billion different ways.
Not an exaggeration! I actually tried one billion and twelve different plans.
But the only way into the Good Place is by being a good person on Earth.
This is unforgivable.
How many times can you betray us? I'm sorry.
I really am, because while I was searching for a way to get in, I was also taking your ethics classes, learning why it was bad to lie.
So not only did I fail at getting us into the Good Place, I also learned the error of my ways.
Real rock bottom for a demon, I'll tell you.
But this was not torture.
I was stalling! So I could keep searching for a way in.
I would've been happy if you were to live in this neighborhood forever, but then Shawn came and just ruined the whole thing.
So what happens now? Shawn will eventually figure out you're not at Mindy's, and he'll realize that someone on the inside was helping you.
So you'll go to the real Bad Place forever, and I will be be retired.
You're you're mad at me.
I'm not mad.
I'm just disappointed.
Oh, come on.
Everyone knows that's worse.
So this really is the end.
Completely out of options, are we? Not completely out of options.
We can do what the Shellstrops have always done when the chips are down.
Ignore our problems, and drink heavily.
Janet! A million bottles of your finest booze, please! [AL GREEN'S "I WISH YOU WERE HERE" PLAYING] - You all right? - Kind of.
I asked Michael if I could pop the giant balloon, and he said no.
Then I asked if I could suck the helium out of it to make my voice sound funny so it cheers everyone up, and he just kind of sighed and walked away.
So I guess that one is still on the table.
Are you and me cool? Not exactly.
I think perhaps given everything, it's best we end our relationship.
It's probably about time I stopped relying on others for my sense of self-worth or happiness.
You know my whole life, whenever I encountered any obstacles, I would simply say, "I would like to speak to a manager.
" But in our relationship, there was no manager.
There was no one who could fix this for me except me.
My mom was a manager at a pet store.
Does that help? No, and please don't launch into one of your long stories - She got fired after I - Please, no.
Robbed the pet store where she worked.
- Please, please, Jason.
- We actually - robbed it together.
- No, no, no.
Long story short, it was all a dream.
Thank you, Jason, for making this moment a little easier for me.
["SITTING IN LIMBO" BY JIMMY CLIFF PLAYS] Dude, he's where I'm at.
- Feelings are stupid.
- Yeah.
Who needs 'em? But, uh, in case feelings aren't stupid, and in the case that we are eternally doomed, I thought it might be worth mentioning that I do Have feelings for you.
And I know you don't feel the same way.
And although that fills me with anger and confusion Wow.
Michael was right on the money.
I just wanted you to know the truth.
You are I mean Oh, no.
Don't say anything.
Don't.
I want to.
I want to.
Here's the thing about me.
You know the sound that a fork makes in the garbage disposal? That's the sound that my brain makes all the time.
It's just this constant grinding about things I'm afraid of or things that I want or want to want or want to want to Is it grinding in there right now, bud? Yep, but the point is the circumstances under which me met are completely insane.
And that just makes the grinding harder.
I just wish we met the way normal people meet.
Like at a philosophy conference, or after one of my philosophy lectures.
Or you came knocking on my office door asking for help with philosophy.
Is that how you think people meet? I don't know how normal people meet.
You're such a nerd.
[CLINKING GLASS] Attention, everyone.
We may not know exactly which version of ourselves was technically our best self, but you know what? I like who we are right now.
To this version of us.
To the good people we've all become.
Oh, and to Eleanor, our unofficial leader.
You pack a lot of heart and grit into that diminutive frame.
Like a scrappy little auto mechanic.
That's the nicest thing you've ever said to me, babe.
And I'll take it.
- And to Janet, the best robot.
- Not a robot.
- Girl.
- Not a girl.
- And straight up hottie.
- I am attractive, yes.
Any of us could have ever asked for.
Thanks, guys.
Because of the way we were conceived of and created, Janets don't typically give speeches.
Oh, she's done.
She's not gonna give a speech.
Okay.
Cool.
Ooh! One more toast.
To Michael! - Michael! - Whoo-whoo! Hoo-hoo! Who is easily the best version of himself.
Granted, the bar was low.
He is a demon.
But he made a mistake and admitted he was wrong, which makes him better than 90% of all humans.
And you know what, it wasn't really Michael's fault.
We weren't getting into the Good Place anyway.
I mean, look at us.
A self-obsessed socialite, a ridiculous giraffe, an absurd British aristocrat, a narcissistic attention seeker.
- Are these all me? - Yes.
I was gonna do eight for you, and one for everyone else.
The point is Michael, we forgive you.
I mean, at least you tried to find a way to the Good Place.
And that's the greatest thing someone can do, just try your best.
So we hereby name you an honorary human.
And we would like to present you with this human starter kit.
Car keys! So I could lose them, and say, "Has anyone seen my car keys?" I can do that you know that thing where [LAUGHS] Thank you! And Band-Aids for your stupid, fragile bodies.
Oh, and look at this.
A stress ball with a dumb corporate logo.
Oh, I can't wait to keep finding this and then almost throw it away, and then think, "No, I'll use it.
" [LAUGHTER] Oh, guys.
A Dr.
Oz diet book because you're all such suckers.
This is all garbage that I have no real use for.
That's right.
Welcome to being human, buddy.
To Michael! [APPLAUSE AND CHEERING] [LORDE'S "GREEN LIGHT" PLAYS] [NAT KING COLE'S "UNFORGETTABLE" PLAYS] Unforgettable That's what you are - You don't remember? - No.
- Of course you don't! - That's mean! That was version one! [LAUGHING] [SCREEN CHIMES] Michael, there's a message coming in from Shawn.
"Finish shutting everything down.
"Sending train first thing tomorrow.
"Humans will be captured and tortured soup.
"Sorry.
Autocorrect.
Soon.
"Although weirdly, "I did just finish turning someone into soup.
So random.
Okay.
Bye.
" [SCREEN CHIMES] What do you guys think the Bad Place is going to be for you? I'll probably go to a Skrillex concert.
And I'll be waiting for the bass drop, and it it'll never come.
For me it'll be camping.
Like, I'll just always be camping.
I'm pretty good at turning every place I go into my personal hell, so I think they'll have a lot of options for me.
Mine will obviously be an eternity spent in the Swiss Alps.
That sounds amazing.
In Autumn.
The off-season.
Yeah.
Still fine.
You'd be fine.
Who are we kidding? You'll probably be running the place in like a week.
She'll be like, "Oh, hibbledy-dibbledy, This simply won't do.
I demand to speak to your manager.
" - Again! Again! - "Your manager.
" [LAUGHTER] Of course! That's it.
We should speak to the manager.
Wait, you said that there was a judge who decides on disputes between the Good Place and the Bad Place, right? Some sort of head honcho I could pace in front of and plead our case to and maybe even wag a finger at disapprovingly.
I thought about that.
It's a non-starter.
Judge rarely hears cases.
And the only way to get to the Judge's office is through a portal, and we can never get to that.
Why not? We'd have to walk through the actual Bad Place, in plain sight, without getting caught.
Reach and pass through the portal, Convince the judge to hear us out, even though we didn't go through the proper channels.
And then somehow win our unwinnable case.
[BURPS] Okay.
Let's do it.
You're serious? Yeah! What do we have to lose? All I've ever really wanted was to know what it feels like to be human, and now we're going to do the most human thing of all: attempt something futile with a ton of unearned confidence and fail spectacularly! Get up! Get up! Everyone.
Get rest tonight.
First thing tomorrow, we're going to the Bad Place.
We had a lot of good times together.
I'll see you in the next life.
Good-bye, clowns.
Goodbye, modernist architecture that I was too trashy to appreciate.
Good-bye, house.
Good-bye, house.
[ENGINE HISSING] What up, idiot? This is the 8:22 express to Bad Place Headquarters.
We'd like to begin the boarding process with our first-class fat dinks.
And there is no overhead storage, so if you have any bags, why don't you just go ahead and place them up your fat butts? Sorry about this, Bad Janet.
Sorry about what, you fat dink? This was your life's work.
Are you okay with leaving the fake Good Place behind? As long as I'm with you guys, I'm always in the fake Good Place.
That doesn't sound as nice as you think it does.
The real Bad Place was the friends we made along the way.
Nope.
Still nonsense.
One more try.
In a way, the Good Place was inside the Bad Place all along? You know what? That's technically true.
- I'm gonna give it to you.
- [LAUGHS] I just made an aphorism.
Hit it, Janet! Next stop, the actual Bad Place! [WHIRRING] [MELANCHOLY MUSIC]
 [TRAIN RUMBLES] You all right there, chief? You look like you lost your lucky bookmark or something.
Oh, no.
Did I? It's fine.
Got it right here.
It's just that now that we're actually on the train, heading to Bad Place Headquarters, this plan is starting to feel slightly completely insane.
This is the only way to get to the Judge? I'm afraid so.
Yes.
See the Judge exists in a sort of neutral zone, separate from the Good Place and the Bad Place.
The only things there are the Judge's quarters, the accounting department, and the Janet warehouse.
There's also an IHOP.
Oh! I'm gonna order the Rooty Tooty Fresh 'N Fruity! No.
Sorry.
In this realm, IHOP stands for "Interdimensional Hole of Pancakes.
" You don't really eat these pancakes.
It's more like they eat you.
Okay.
I'll get eggs, then.
So the only way to get to the Judge is through a portal, which is smack-dab in the middle of the main office at Bad Place Headquarters.
And the only way through the portal is with one of these.
What is that? Is that jewelry? Not that it matters.
It's just some jewelry I don't have.
- Can I have it? - These pins are very hard to come by.
Only upper management types have them.
So you guys will lay low while I get us four more.
Janet doesn't need one, because for portals, she counts as a carry-on.
I'm luggage.
I had Janet make you each a Bad Place disguise.
And everyone who worked in the neighborhood has been sent back to their previous department.
So the chances of you being recognized are very small.
I don't know.
This plan seems complicated.
To be fair, you also once said that about an orange.
They don't make sense.
Apples, you eat their clothes.
But oranges you don't? Forget this plan! I say we just huck a Molotov cocktail and [WHOOSHES] run through the portal.
I think we should go with Michael's plan.
I'm telling you, Molotov cocktails work.
Any time I had a problem, and I threw a Molotov cocktail, boom! Right away, I had a different problem.
He makes a strong case.
Okay, now, you're all going to need aliases.
Cool.
I'm gonna be Diana Tremaine.
That was the name on my fake ID in high school.
Her address was 123 Whatever Street, Canada City, Canada.
Arizona bouncers are the best.
Character work! Such fun.
I actually dabbled in a bit of acting after university.
Although mostly I just stood around while Baz Luhrmann just threw glitter on me.
Ooh, I shall be Rhonda Mumps.
And I work down at the hot dog factory.
You need to be more specific.
There are nine hot dog torture departments.
Making people into, stuffing people with Ooh, stuffing people sounds fun.
Is that like shoving them into the throats of vegans? Yes.
Throats.
I know what my secret identity is.
You cannot be Blake Bortles.
- Fine.
Then I'll be Jake - Don't say Jortles.
Jortles! And I work in the Molotov cocktail department.
Boy, you know, I thought you guys would be more worried about this.
We've been knee-deep in demons for, like, 800 reboots now.
Lying about who we are is second nature.
Chidi? I hate this.
I hate lying.
It's not permissible.
- I can't do this.
- Oh, boy.
Jeez Louise! Looks like Chidi has a real case of the Mondays, am I right? Hey, pass the NASCAR ketchup.
Hey, buddy.
Look if you don't want to lie because it conflicts with your moral principles, I get it.
No one's gonna be mad at you.
- Really? - No, dumbass! I'm lying to you to make you feel better.
See? Sometimes lying is awesome.
[GASPS] Plus I said dumbass.
Oh, cursing.
How I've missed you.
Look, Eleanor, our goal here is to appear in front of a judge who is going to judge us.
What if I lie down here and I lose 12 points, and then we get in front of the Judge, and I'm 12 points short? Or what if the Judge won't even take our case at all because we lied to get there? Kant says that lying is always wrong, and I follow that maxim.
So you can't even lie to demons? They're trying to torture us, man.
We're behind enemy lines! Well, principles aren't principles when you pick and choose when you're going to follow them.
I won't lie about who I am.
Okay.
I understand, and I'm cool with it.
You're lying right now, aren't you? Yes.
I want to strangle you.
What even is this thing? I hate suits.
They remind me of court and going to court and being my own lawyer against the advice of the judge in court and getting immediately convicted in court.
I think you look nice.
I think you look sexy.
Here, I got you this to help your disguise.
Whoa, a briefcase? Take my credit card to the hedge fund.
I'll meet you at the martini store.
Oh, you're gonna get caught.
Give me the briefcase back.
- Thanks.
- Aww.
Janet, you need to get in character too.
Now I know you look like a Bad Janet, but can you act like one? I have gained a lot of new skills recently.
For example, I learned how to be passive-aggressive.
Totally fine that you guys haven't noticed.
- Oh! - Let's practice.
I'm going to make a simple request, and you're going to give me that patented Bad Janet attitude.
Can I have a glass of water? Here you go! Nope.
Let's try again.
Be mean.
Bad Janet, can I have a glass of water? No.
I would never give you that, you dumb person.
Janet, what's that behind your back? - Nothing.
- Give it to me.
It's a glass of water.
And a back-up glass.
Oh, boy.
It's okay.
We'll keep working.
We're here.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] All trains today are delayed by three hours, just like they are every day.
All passengers, you all suck, and you're ugly.
Keep walking.
Keep your heads down.
- And you are ugly.
- Just act unnatural.
Hey, guys.
Sorry, you wait here, while I go get us some more of these pins.
But what is this place? It's just a place.
You know.
An area or location.
- It's pretty straightforward.
- The Museum of Human Misery? Oh, yeah.
Okay.
It's a torture museum.
Famous examples of bad behavior, and explanations of the torture they earned.
Is there a gift shop? Jason, this is Hell.
Of course there's a gift shop.
It's the least horrifying room.
It's the Hall of Low-Grade Crappiness.
First person to floss in an open plan office? [MANNEQUINS WHIRRING] Well, she deserves to be tortured.
She's a monster.
This was the safest place I could think of.
No one ever comes in here.
Guys, if you do leave this room, you're gonna see things that will haunt you for eternity.
Okay.
Back soon.
Bye! Hey! Hey! Be careful, okay? Be careful? Yeah.
Oh.
Eleanor, are you worried about me? Yeah.
I'm worried.
I mean 'cause you're our ticket out of here, genius.
Don't go getting all goopy on me.
Worry about them.
I'll be fine.
Okay.
[CHUCKLES] "First man to send an unsolicited picture of his genitals.
" [MANNEQUIN WHIRRING] [ROBOTIC CACKLING] "First waiter to approach a diner with an empty plate and sarcastically say, 'I guess you hated it.
'" "First white person to grow dreadlocks.
" And "First person to call Ultimate Frisbee 'Ultimate.
'" This dude rules! All right, everyone.
We've got a lot of work to do.
Why don't you set up the bar over by that wall? Why don't you roll off your mom and do it yourself, you fat dink? [BOTH LAUGHING] Set up more of those tables.
We're expecting a big crowd.
You got it, you piece of butt.
Son of a bitch! Still happy I can swear now, but everything else about this is very bad! [TYPEWRITERS CLICKING, INDISTINCT CHATTER] Hey, boss.
I'm back.
Welcome home.
Axe up.
Oh! New scent! "Transformers!" Yes.
It makes you smell the way "Transformers" movies make you feel.
Still can't believe those jagoffs got away from us.
- Really zips my tip.
- Yeah.
Anyway I drew up some extradition papers to get them back from Mindy's.
I think I'll take a few of my most trusted staff, hop in the portal, file those with the Judge, quick stop for pancakes, and then I'll head on back.
By the way, I'm gonna need four pins for my crew.
This is very thorough.
However Is that where we're putting top priority files nowadays? We won't need extradition papers.
Plans are already in motion to get the humans back in a different way.
Ah.
[JAZZY MUSIC] Oh, man.
This is not good.
This is not good! All right.
Well, we can't just stand here in a group.
It looks too conspicuous.
I'll go with Tahani.
Chidi, go with Jason.
That way, Jason's unearned confidence lets him do all the talking, and you don't have to lie.
Okay? Come on, Diana, let's hit the bar.
I'm gonna get me a tall glass of piping hot corn syrup and a scooter, so I can roll around the mall.
- That's really good.
- Thank you.
Hors d'oeuvre? Oh, what do you got? Soul food from Maine, bagels from Arkansas, Hawaiian pizza of course, and egg salad from a hospital vending machine in Azerbaijan.
Have a terrible evening.
No way! Trent, is that you? Who else could it be? Come on, dab it out.
Boom boom! 'Sup? I'm Chet.
Jake is my name, Molotov cocktail is my game.
I think school is lame, I got a tattoo of David Blaine.
- What? - Ooh! Tight! Ball tap! Oh, dude.
Ball tap! Oh! That was a firm ball tap, bro.
Anyway, your boy Trent and I worked together in partial decapitations.
When'd you leave decap? 800 years ago? Something like that.
I just joined a new department.
Toxic Masculinity.
We torture internet trolls, frat dudes.
Actually started as a training program to prep for when the "Girls Gone Wild" dude gets here.
- Joe Francis.
- The one.
Legend! Bro-hams! Get over here and meet my top dog Trent.
Dude's a straight beast when it comes to torture.
- 'Sup, bro? - It's actually pretty choice that we're running into you right now.
My top dog Dirk here, he got stuck with a new case.
He can't crack it.
Hit them with it, D-Money.
So I'm trying to torture this guy, right? Brant? Brant was a total lord.
He got kicked off of Rob Gronkowski's party cruise for throwing a lobster at a stripper.
And then he died doing a keg stand in the back of a moving Jeep Wrangler.
Anyways, we run a couple hundred torture scenarios.
None of them seem quite right, you know? Think we can get you to crack this nut? Well, I mean, how could I say no? We all know how I would say no.
You know I'd be all like, "No!" - But you know I can't.
- So weird, Trent, man.
You're always so weird.
Love that about you.
Don't get me wrong, I love shoving hot dogs into people, but once you've dogged every hole, you just start to feel like you're repeating yourself.
I hear that, sister.
I'm gonna go take a dump.
- You want me to grab you one? - No, I'm good.
Thanks.
- Not even a little nug? - Nah, I'm a'ight.
A'ight.
Damn, you're good at this.
Well, hang out with Johnny Depp long enough, and you become pretty good at lying.
Like, "No, you're whole thing isn't exhausting at all.
" Hi there, you big stinky poop face guys.
Ugh.
It's me, Good Janet.
I'm sorry I called you big stinky poop face guys.
That's okay.
Janet, can you dig around a little bit and find out what this event is and how long it's gonna last? I'd love to punch your teeth.
Hey.
Hi.
Teeth.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] What's all this? Well, I was going to try to get the humans back by going through the proper channels, but then I remembered, I'm a naughty bitch.
So I sent a black ops team to Mindy's to extract them.
Nobody from the Bad Place is allowed in Mindy's neighborhood.
You can't do that, Shawn.
It's illegal! Oh, no.
Guys, Michael says this is illegal.
I hadn't thought of that.
[LAUGHTER] That was sarcasm.
I had thought of that.
Listen.
Your experiment blew up in our faces.
The example I made out of Vicky ensured that everybody from the neighborhood has kept their mouths shut.
But we're not out of the woods until those four are back in custody.
So I rounded up some loyal friends and took matters into my own hands.
Relax, Mike.
This will all be over soon, and we can all head down to the Museum.
- The Museum? - Yes.
Your neighborhood Our neighborhood is being immortalized for its success.
It's all going to work out.
I took the form of a 45-year-old white man for a reason.
I can only fail up.
[BUZZER SOUNDS] The team is in place.
Let's do this.
Hey.
Hi.
So, um, those bro demons over there think I'm some kind of great torturer.
And they want my advice on how to torture someone.
Jason is stalling by ranking MMA ring girls with them, but I have to do something.
Eleanor, you're wearing glasses now.
Help me! You know the answer, dude.
Lie your ass off.
If Rhonda can do it, you can.
You know once I shoved a hot dog right down the throat of the legendary John Wayne.
She even name drops in Hell.
No! I told you lies have consequences! I will have contributed to someone's eternal torture because I disobeyed a basic Kantian moral principle! I'm gonna be sick, and I don't want to go back to the bathroom because they put mirrors in the toilet, and that makes you really confront what you're doing! Okay.
Okay.
Sit down.
Take a breath.
Rub your lucky bookmark.
Hear me out.
What if lying is ethical in this situation? What if certain actions aren't universally good or bad? - Like Jonathan Dancy says.
- Jonathan Dancy? Are you talking about moral particularism? We never even covered that.
You read on your own? You think just because I'm a straight hottie I can't read philosophy for fun? Look.
Moral particularism says there are no fixed rules that work in every situation.
Like, let's say you promised your friend you'd go to the movies.
But then your mom suddenly gets rushed to the ER.
Your boy Kant would say never break a promise.
Go see "Chronicles of Riddick.
" Doesn't matter if your mom gets lonely and steals a bucket of Vicodin from the nurse's closet.
- Real example? - Yep! But a moral particularist like me I'm one now; I just decided would say there's no absolute rule.
You have to choose your actions based on the particular situation and right now, we are in a pretty bonkers situation.
I don't think I can change what I believe just like that! And I didn't think I would ever be at a cocktail party in literal Hell, lecturing my teacher/ex-lover about moral particularism, but life throws you curveballs, bro! And need I remind you it was doing things your way that made you end up here.
Man, get back over there, dog.
Damn, you got that good stank.
Thanks.
Right back at you, bud.
Smash you later.
Let's roll.
[JAZZY MUSIC] Hey, butt ass.
Butt ass.
How long is this stupid event supposed to last, anyway? They're unveiling the exhibit in ten minutes, then everyone will get drunk and poke each other with hot sticks, and then it'll be over.
Farts.
Uh-oh.
Bad Janet, walkie-talkie mode.
Now entering Mindy St.
Claire's house.
This is so exciting! I hope everyone gets hurt! Living room's clear.
Entering the bedroom.
- Oh, yeah! - Ow.
Oh, God! This feels so weird! Here we go! Oh, do some coke off my butt.
Wait! What whoa, whoa, whoa! Who are you guys? Oh, friends! Hi, I'm Derek! Where are the humans? And who is Derek? Me is Derek.
These are my wind chimes.
- [WIND CHIMES CHIMING] - Uh-oh! My wind chimes like you.
The only people here are Mindy St.
Claire and an unknown male with a genital deformity.
The four humans are not here.
Where is Michael? Oh, boy! Oh, boy! - Hey there, Mike! - Hey, Lance.
Looking good, buddy.
You lose some weight? [CHUCKLES] I wish.
Listen up, people.
We need to find Michael, and we need to be discreet.
You, search from the spastic dentistry department down through disembowelment.
You, cover children's dance recitals through holiday weekend IKEA.
Go.
Hey, hey! Found him! Just bird-dogging some tail.
What you got for me, Trent? Well, peep this, dog.
You really want to torture this dirtbag? You give him books.
I'm serious.
This one time I was assigned this a chick that I had to torture, and I just couldn't figure it out.
And then I realized she hated books, so I just gave her mad books to read, round the clock.
Books like exploded? No, no, no.
They were just you know regular moral philosophy books.
You know everyone hates moral philosophers.
That is true.
And I know it's wild, but you know sometimes you gotta think outside the bun.
- Ah! Sick Taco Bell ref.
- Very nice.
But I don't know, man.
Sounds kind of lame.
This guy's the best, really? Yeah, maybe I don't know what I'm talking ball tap! - Oh! - Oh! Ohh! That's what you get for questioning Trent, the torture master! He got you so bad! Yeah, he did.
He did.
Nice job, bro.
All right, you've convinced me.
I'll give him books.
Hey, you two.
Get your ugly necks over here.
Guys, I found something very bad.
We have to get out of here right now.
All right, everybody.
Gather 'round.
Gather 'round.
This is the moment we've all been waiting for.
- What do we do? - Just don't draw attention.
Whatever this is, it'll be over in a second, and we can sneak out the door.
Feast your eyes on the newest exhibit here at the Museum of Human Misery! The residents of neighborhood 12358W! [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] Oh no! Is that what they think my hair looks like? This game-changing experiment chose four humans and had them torture each other.
It's already led to major breakthroughs in the future of our industry.
Now, obviously, we couldn't get the actual four idiots as they're off being tortured, so we cooked up the next best thing.
- Want to meet them? - ALL: Yes! I'm Tahani Al-Jamil, a vainglorious attention seeker with enough jealousy to power Elon Musk's underwater mansion, which I've been to, by the way.
[LAUGHTER] I have, actually.
It's remarkable.
It's remarkable! [LAUGHTER] I'm Chidi Anagonye, or maybe I'm not.
I can't decide anything.
Or maybe I can.
Aww.
I can't decide.
My stomach hurts.
[LAUGHTER] What? They kind of nailed it.
I've heard you say all that stuff.
I'm Eleanor Shellstrop.
I mock others to distract myself from the emptiness inside me.
That's fair.
That's a fair hit.
I'm Jason Mendoza.
Duh That's me.
Hey.
Where have you been? Oh, how do you smell loud and confusing? No time to explain.
We gotta go.
I got the travel pins! Yo! That looks like my boy Trent! And isn't that Rhonda Mumps? - Come on! - There he is.
And he's got the humans with him.
All right, let's just back up here.
- What do we do? - This! Jortles! Go! Hey, Eleanor.
Thanks for the advice.
It was really helpful, even though I had to say a lot of words I don't like, like douche, and chick, and peep this Okay, great! No problem, I'm just kind of focused - on running right now.
- Right, sorry! [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] Here.
Put the pins on your lapels.
Okay, okay.
You didn't give me a pin, man.
I don't have one! - Okay.
Okay.
Hang on.
Hang on! - Wait.
Where's Janet? No time to wait for her.
You three go now.
Now! [PORTAL WHOOSHES] [PORTAL WHOOSHES] - Portals! - [PORTAL WHOOSHES] - Any day now, man.
- Hey! Hey, guess what? I just solved the trolley problem.
Remember? The thought experiment where you're driving the trolley, and you can either plow into a group of people or turn and hit one person? I solved it.
That's really great.
But I don't think now's the time.
See, the trolley problem forces you to choose between two versions of letting other people die.
And the actual solution is very simple.
- Sacrifice yourself.
- What does that mean? You look after the others.
- They need you.
- No.
Step away from the portal! - Good-bye, Eleanor.
- No, no.
Wait, wait! Hey, boss.
What's up?
[SCREAMING] [PORTAL WHOOSHING] [GROANING] That was Awesome! - I'm going again! - No.
I think I barfed in another dimension before we landed.
Is my barf just gonna float out there forever? Is someone gonna fly through my barf when they use the portal? Ugh, stop saying barf.
And where's Michael? He's not coming.
He sacrificed himself to save me.
The last thing I saw was Shawn grabbing him.
Was it a nice grab or a bad grab? A bad grab.
Like, a nice bad grab, or a mean bad grab? No Michael and no Janet.
Didn't even get to say a proper goodbye.
Not even a mere toodleloo.
[PORTAL CLANGS] We're on our own.
We have to handle this ourselves.
Michael said the portal would lead us to the Judge, so where's the Judge? All I see is a burrito.
Do you think it's a test? Like, maybe one of us is supposed to eat it, or we eat it together, or or maybe, maybe it's a test to see how long we can go without eating it.
I'm not scared of any burrito.
I'll eat it.
Unless The burrito is the Judge.
Don't be so bloody ridiculous.
Judges aren't food, judges are serious people who wear long, silk nightgowns and big, white powdered wigs.
Eh.
He could be right.
- What? - Really? I don't know, I'm just saying we've certainly seen weirder things than an all-knowing burrito.
We can't take any chances.
Hello, Your Excellency.
My name is Eleanor Shellstrop.
We doth seek thine judgment.
We've traveled a long distance to see you, o great one.
What are you guys looking at? [ALL SCREAMING] Hi.
I'm the Judge.
That's a burrito.
What's up, guys? Yeah, I did not think I had a case today.
The paperwork should've shown up by now.
Unless you guys just, like, came here.
Wait, did you guys just come here? [GASP] Oh, my God.
You guys are bad.
Which one is the worst one of you? Is it you, glasses? Oh, I bet it's you.
Okay, yeah, well, we did just sort of "show up," but we had to.
We were escaping the Bad Place, which now that I think about it, there might be some demons following us.
Oh, don't worry about that.
Anytime anyone shows up in my chambers, the portal is sealed until I issue my ruling.
So, you guys can relax.
Get comfortable.
[DING] [GASP] A classic Saint Crispin's Day garden party frock.
Wait, is it after 4:00 p.
m.
? - Not important.
- Let's have a look at your files.
Wait, you don't already know everything about us? You're not omniscient? Well Not in the way you mean.
I try to learn as little as I can about the events of humankind so I can remain impartial, 'cause I'm a judge.
Yadda, yadda, yadda.
That being said, sometimes I get bored and I cheat a little bit.
I've been binging Ken Burns's "Vietnam" recently.
It's okay.
I mean, I'm immortal, but that thing is long.
[CHUCKLING] You know what I'm saying.
Anyway, your petition is denied.
I can't hear your case.
Please exit to the rear.
[PORTAL WHOOSHING] What? I just absorbed the entirety of your existences, and I just wanna say you guys are so cute.
And the thing is, you didn't file any paperwork, and you have no advocate, and the rules say I gotta [BLOWS RASPBERRY] Send you back.
Your honor, please hear our case.
You frankly wouldn't believe what we've been through just to be here today.
I mean, I would, because I just learned everything about you, but keep talking.
I am, like, obsessed with your accent.
We have made so much progress and all we ask is an audience with you to prove it.
Is that not your very purpose to weigh in on matters such as ours? To paraphrase a song written by my godfather hey, judge.
Don't make it bad.
Take a sad group and make us better.
Say aluminum.
- Al-you-minnium.
- [GIGGLES] I love that! And I love your passion.
I mean, it takes a lot of guts to just show up here unannounced.
Plus, I haven't had a case in, like, 30 years and I'm super bored.
So, it's either this or start "Bloodline," and I don't know, I just don't feel like I can see Kyle Chandler as anyone else but Coach Taylor.
So, the case? Right.
Let's do it.
[RELIEVED SIGHS] You had one job torture four bad people forever.
Not only did you fail, you're a traitor.
You really junked your jeans on this one, you butterface.
I did what I had to do.
Oh, you had to junk your jeans? [CLAP] How could you betray your own kind like this? Who taught you how to turn a human inside out by reaching down their throat and grabbing their butt from the inside? You did.
You got that right, sister.
And this is how you repay me.
Oh, spare me the sanctimonious lecture.
You never cared about me.
In the words of one of my actual friends Ya basic.
It's a human insult.
It's devastating.
You're devastated right now.
The point is, the four of them are in front of the Judge, and the Good Janet has escaped too.
You'll never find her.
Oh, you mean this Good Janet? I found her in, like, two seconds.
She was wandering the halls being polite to people, like a chump.
So, I marble-ized her.
Keep her if you want.
Maybe shove it up your wiener for safekeeping? I don't know, it's up to you.
I'm going to give each of you a test to see how much progress you've made.
And if I deem you fit to be in the Good Place, then zrrrup.
Up you go.
Well, actually, sort of that way.
- Mrrup.
- Great.
Can we be tested together as a group? Yeah, we all need to be able to cheat off Chidi.
Oh, that's why your name is Chidi.
I get it now.
I'm sorry, cuties, the tests have to be individual.
Well, can we be graded as a group then? The only reason we've come this far is because we've helped each other.
And I don't think anything's gonna feel like the Good Place if we're not together.
So, if you all pass, you're in.
And if even one of you fails, you're all effed, right? Terrible idea.
I mean, truly awful.
You are very lucky that I cannot send you to the Bad Idea place, because that one is a stanker.
But whatever blows your dress up, am I right? [CLICKS TONGUE] - Jason.
- Present! Good.
In front of you is a video game system loaded with Madden football.
Are you kidding me? I'm the best at Madden.
I call Jaguars.
As I was about to tell you, you can only play against the Jaguars.
- No.
- Using their archrivals, - the Tennessee Titans.
- No! If you play the game and you lose Oh.
I'm gonna win.
Say no more, scary judge lady.
Tell my friends their souls are in good hands.
No, I fumbled the kickoff! Titans suck.
Tahani it's such a pretty name.
My name is super boring Jen.
It's just short for hydrogen, which was the only thing that was in existence at the time that I was born.
Anywho.
All you have to do is go through there, walk down the hallway, and through the red door at the end.
That's it? That's my test? Yep.
Oh, also everyone in every room that you pass is going to be discussing what they truly think about you.
Okay, have fun.
[GENTLE PIANO MUSIC] [GASPS] I see.
It's a test of my ability to not care what people think of me.
[GASP] Oh, no.
So, just to be clear, you actually rebooted them over 800 times, and all of these reports of their torture are completely fake? Yes, but frankly, this is on you.
A lot of those details I just took directly from Stephen King novels and episodes of "Pretty Little Liars.
" Just tell me why, why would you do this? It's not like I planned it.
I was just trying to prove that humans could be made to torture each other.
Instead, they helped each other and got better.
They were bad people.
This is not supposed to be possible, so the only explanation is that somehow, there was a mistake made and these people belong in the Good Place.
No they don't, idiot.
Shawn, this is not fair.
Pft, fair is the stupidest word humans ever invented, except for BOTH: Staycation, ew.
Look, those four humans are good people and they deserve a staycation in the Good Place, and I bet the Judge will feel the same way.
I doubt she even hears their case.
But if she does, one of them will screw it up.
- They always do.
- I'm sick of smelling this guy's lumpy white ass.
Can we get rid of him already? Yep.
It's time.
Follow me.
Okay.
Eleanor and Chidi.
Looks like you guys are up.
At the same time? [GIGGLE] Yep.
[DEEP BREATH] [MELLOW MUSIC] [LAUGHS] Trippy, right? There is no test.
You guys are in! We're in? What does that mean? You guys have made great strides and you made it to the Good Place.
- Congrats.
- [DINGS] Take these medallions and go right through that portal, and you're there in a jiff.
[GASPS] - We made it.
- We made it.
- We made it.
- Holy crap! [LAUGHTER, CHEERING] All those ethics lessons paid off.
Whoever said philosophy was stupid? - You did, many times.
- [SQUEALS] - As recently as this morning.
- Whoo! But-but you also worked really hard and you deserve this.
- You really do.
- [SQUEALING] Here's the thing, though.
It's just the two of you.
Tahani and Jason didn't make it.
I'm giving them tests right now to determine where they belong within the Bad Place, so you might wanna reconsider that judges-together thing 'cause if you stick to that, you're all going down.
I am so hungry.
Why am I so hungry? Oh, my I'm such an idiot.
I forgot to eat my burrito.
And I was so hungry, too.
What a dork.
Okay, obviously, this is the test, right? I bet the Judge gave Jason and Tahani the same offer, and whichever couple takes it, actually loses and the other two get in for real.
Oh! Diabolical.
Hey, Judge.
- We figured out what you're really - Nope.
Tahani and Jason have not been given the same offer.
Here, take a look.
Tahani's test is to walk down the hallway and not get tempted by her gossiping friends.
Jason is playing video games.
Oh.
Okay, cool.
Sorry, I feel weird saying this to an almighty judge, but you have hot sauce on your chin.
[MUFFLED] Thank you.
It's actually not hot sauce.
It's envy.
Or, the concept of envy.
It's really good on Mexican food, it gives it a little kick.
[SIGHS] Okay, so what do we do? [GROANS] Oh no, that was your moral quandary grimace, which is different from your gas pain grimace.
[MEWLS] And different from your someone said "from whence it came" instead of "whence it came" grimace.
[SIGHS] - [SIGHS] - So, spit it out, man.
Well, if this isn't a test, then it's something way worse.
- What? - A choice that we have to make.
Yeah, you know, why can't one part of the calculation of our eternal fate be easy? [GRUMBLING] I don't know.
[INQUISITIVE MUSIC] Quvenzhan Wallis and Stephen Hawking in the same room discussing me? Guess they must've made up.
Focus.
There'll be Fergies a-plenty in the Good Place.
[TENDER MUSIC] [SIGHS] I don't know where we went wrong with Tahani.
I know, she is such a disappointment compared to her sister.
Hello, Father.
Hello, Mother.
Oh, hello, Tahani.
We were just talking about how you're a huge disappointment compared to your sister.
Have a seat, we'd love to get your take.
How's it going in here? I'm losing by three.
Meditating to calm myself down.
I'd be winning by, like, a million if I could play as the Jags instead of playing against the Jags.
I hate scoring against my own favorite team.
[FOREBODING MUSIC] But you already knew that.
Because this is the test! Yeah, that's not a revelation or something.
I explained that very clearly.
It's nice to see you, Tahani.
Apparently, wherever you've been, they've been keeping you well-fed.
You know, I've actually risked quite a lot to be in this room right now, so if you could just not be cruel for maybe 30 seconds, that would be lovely.
Apologies, it's been a while since we've seen you.
We have so much to tell you about your sister.
We've just heard the most wonderful news.
Kamilah dedicated her last album to you.
Really? Well, she dedicated it to her fans and you're one of her fans.
The whole point of this afterlife test is that everyone in these rooms is supposed to be talking about me.
And yet, even in this scenario, you are still talking about Kamilah.
Which is exactly the point.
I was never going to be enough for you.
Never going to earn your respect.
You know, I've done things that you would never have approved of.
I died, dressed as someone in the service industry, I shagged a Floridian, I even ate a Cheeto.
- BOTH: [GASP] - That's right.
Chewing it was deafening.
And it's the happiest I have ever been.
Don't get upset, dear.
You barely fit in that dress, and I'm afraid you're going to hulk out, as it were.
Okay.
I'm sorry we didn't have a better relationship.
And I wish you both the best.
[SIGHS] All right, idiot, any last words? [STAMMERS] Go ahead and retire me already.
Oh, you're not getting retired, Michael.
- I'm not? - No, retirement is a spectacle.
Everyone would see the flaming ladles go down your throat.
Everyone would hear your eternal shrieks of agony, blah, blah, blah, then they'd ask me what you did.
I don't need that kind of scrutiny right now.
- [DING] - So, I'm just gonna throw you in this unmarked room - for the rest of eternity.
- [GRUNTS] And since it seems you love humans so much, I'll torture you like one.
All you'll have for entertainment is that giant stack of "New Yorker" magazines.
Oh, come on.
You and I both know I'll never read those.
Of course you won't.
But they'll just keep coming.
BOTH: [SINISTER CHUCKLING] Goodbye, Michael.
We will leave you with one of Bad Janet's classic farts.
The smell will linger for 10 million years.
All right, here comes the boom! Oh wait, actually, before I absolutely let it rip, I just have one more thing I have to do.
What? [UPBEAT MUSIC] It's me, Good Janet.
Janet.
I thought you were a marble.
That was a trick.
I realized if we wanted our friends to have any chance of survival, I had to learn how to do a lot of bad things really quickly.
So, I did.
Now I'm ready to go back to being nice again.
[GROANS] What happened? [GRUNTS] Okay, now I'll be nice again.
[SIGH] Could you please stop doing that? It helps me think.
We've been through every argument.
Contractualist, Kantian, what would Superman do, what would Rihanna do are we missing anything? Hit me right now with your most obscure, boring-est, old white dude with a long wizard beard mumbo-jumbo.
Okay, our friends are going to the Bad Place, and us choosing to go with them won't lessen their suffering.
So, morally, we're allowed to go.
But let's forget about the ethics for a second.
After everything that's happened, don't we deserve to be together and happy for once? [GENTLE MUSIC] Judge? Have you made your decision? Yeah.
We're not going to the Good Place.
I mean, that was never actually an option, but for the sake of your test, we're not going.
What do you mean? Well, I was 99% sure that going was the wrong move, but since our whole relationship has been me being sure of something and Chidi explaining why I was wrong, I owed it to him to quadruple check.
The capper came when I realized that ain't Chidi.
The Chidi I know wouldn't argue that he should be rewarded while his friends got punished, and he would never "forget about ethics for a second.
" I don't know who this joker is, but it's not Chidi Anagonye.
Wait, but what about the [DING] Well done, Eleanor.
You can take a seat and wait for the others.
And can I have that medallion back 'cause it's actually a coaster for my sodas? Mm-hmm.
Where is the real Chidi, though? Is he okay? He's still taking his test.
[TICKING] Okay, this is ridiculous.
Um I'm just gonna choose Brown.
Gray's the obvious choice, which is probably why I shouldn't choose it.
Brown.
Nope.
Gray.
Nope.
Brown.
Brown hat.
[DING] [MELLOW MUSIC] All right, fun stuff.
- Yeah.
- Yeah? Feeling good? - Very.
- I think so, yes.
Great.
You're all going to the Bad Place.
Okay, um, if I was the one who failed, could you at least tell me why I failed, for my own edification? It took you 82 minutes to choose a hat.
But did I at least choose the right one? There is no right one.
They're hats.
Come on, man.
Ugh.
Tahani, you skipped a lot of rooms that I thought would entice you, but you weren't supposed to open any doors, and you couldn't resist confronting your parents.
Sorry, everyone.
But now that I failed, can I go back in and talk to Winston Churchill and Freddie Mercury? No.
Jason, your test was about impulse control, and you showed great improvements, but you never asked if you could opt not to play.
I mean, you basically told me, an all-knowing judge, to just shut up and go away.
Do you realize how insane that is? Not as insane as picking off the greatest quarterback of all time, Black Bortles, to set up a last second game-winning field goal.
[SPUTTERS MOCKINGLY] Now, Eleanor's test was about her selfishness, - and she actually - I failed.
I shoved an old lady down the stairs to get to the raw bar, 'cause I'm a shrimp fiend.
So, we all failed, let's not dwell on it.
[INHALES] All right, shall we? [PORTALS WHIRRING] [IMPISH MUSIC] Oh, I am gonna miss you guys.
I made a little video of our time together.
[DING] [BETTE MIDLER'S "WIND BENEATH MY WINGS" PLAYING] Oh, look, there we are.
You know, I thought I'd have a stomachache right now, but weirdly And everything I would I do.
There's my guy.
- What? - Doesn't matter.
I'm gonna miss you, bud.
Every time they pull my eyeballs out through my mouth, I'll think of you.
[LAUGHS] I'm gonna frame that one.
- [DING] - We gave it our best shot, guys.
I say we go through the portal, get a good night's sleep, come back fresh in the morning.
Try again.
Oh, Jason.
I feel like you always understand about 20% of what's happening.
- Thanks.
- Sure.
[SNIFFS] I mean, look at us.
[SIGHS] Good times.
All right, off to eternal damnation.
Do you hear something? [FAINT YELLING] Hey! Oh! - [GASP] - Hey, guys.
How you been?
 So, Michael, you're saying there's a new angle I should consider in this case? Love that.
Major drama.
[CHUCKLING] Spill the tea, sweetheart.
The premise of our system is that a person's score during her time on Earth is final and inarguable, but because of my accidental experiment, these four humans got better after they died.
That's not supposed to be possible.
Over and over again, I watched as they became thoughtful and generous and caring.
And think about where they started.
Uh, Jason, growing up in Jacksonville, what did you do for fun after school every day? Me and my friends whipped empty spray paint cans at flamingos.
And now he's so much better.
I was already pretty good.
When I was six, I hit one right on the button.
Okay, let the immortal beings talk, darling.
So they got better in your little pretend world.
That doesn't prove anything about what they were like on Earth.
No, see, I think it does prove something.
If I'm right, the system by which we judge humans the very method we use to deem them good or bad is so fundamentally flawed and unreasonable that hundreds of millions of people have been wrongly condemned to an eternity of torture.
Damn! That was intense! Look at my arm, y'all.
Look, I got goosebumps.
Huh, yeah.
Doesn't happen very often.
Wow, so you saw your parents in the test? Yes.
And I immediately fell right back into my old pattern, desperately trying to impress them and earn their admiration.
Then I heard this little voice in my head saying, "Tahani, don't do this.
" The little voice in your head sounds like the old lady from "Downton Abbey.
" Oh, yeah, sorry.
Maggie Smith is my godmother.
Anyway, I took a deep breath, told them I ate a Cheeto, and walked away.
Man.
You have made so much progress.
I'm proud of you, hot stuff.
Whatever progress I have made, it's because you and I have become mates.
That's British for "friends.
" No, I know.
- [CHUCKLES] - Man.
Think about everything that's happened to us.
We died, Michael tortured us, we teamed up with him, we escaped, we went through the Portal, The Judge ruled against us, then Michael showed up.
This has been one of the craziest years of my life.
One of? Yeah, I'm not sure what I would do if one more insane thing happened.
Hi, Jason.
I love you.
Oh, word? Word.
I've been avoiding telling you.
My excuse was that I needed time to evaluate my complex feelings, but that was just a rationalization.
This might be the last time I ever get to talk to you, so there it is I love you.
And I hereby stop avoiding this topic and rationalizing by saying the situation is complicated.
Or that my brain is grinding like a fork in a garbage disposal.
All right.
Whatever.
You're not really a part of this, Chidi.
Hey, guess what.
I think I love you too, girl.
I'm not a girl.
I'm also not just a Janet anymore.
I don't know what I am.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC] Hey, man.
What's up? Hot diggity dog.
Oh, no! Now the thing I said right after we kissed will always be "hot diggity dog.
" - [LAUGHS] - Whatever.
It was an honest reaction.
I stand by it.
Hi, guys.
Couple quick announcements.
Would anyone eat chips and guac if I put it out? It's good.
It's homemade.
No takers? A'ight.
Second thing: we figured out a plan to save your souls.
For the time being, The Judge is gonna put you in your own medium places, like Mindi St.
Clair.
And while you're there, I'll keep working every angle I can think of to get you guys into the Good Place, for real.
This is great.
So we'd all be together? Oh, no, that's the thing about Medium Places it has to be tailored to what's medium for the individuals.
So if you're all together, it ain't medium.
How much time will we be alone? Hard to say.
Uh, could be a month.
Could be a million years.
So, between a month and a million years.
- Yeah, give or take.
- Yeah? Somewhere in there.
Come on, you guys, I know this isn't perfect, but I need more time to build my case, and it's either this or back to the Bad Place.
Yeah.
I'll say it.
Both those options suck.
Okay, I'm sorry if that's blunt, Your Honor, but it's true.
Also, Chidi just laid one on me, so I'm kinda dizzy.
You two kissed? Hot diggity dog! That's what I said! The point is, we've all gotten better.
Why should we have to go live alone in a boring void because of a messed-up system? - How is that justice? - Okay.
Slow your roll there, Erin Brockovich.
First of all, y'all didn't get good enough to pass the tests I just gave you.
Second, I still believe that the only reason that you improved in Michael's fake neighborhood is because you thought there was a reward at the end of the rainbow.
You're supposed to good things because you're good! Not because you're seeking moral desert.
And I still believe that they would've become good people if they'd just gotten a [DRAMATIC MUSIC] A push in the right direction.
Oh, no.
Nope, nope.
Absolutely not.
- It's a little crazy - A little bit crazy? It's Looney Tunes.
- What are they talking about? - No idea.
It sets a very dangerous precedent.
It's only four people.
And it's clearly the best way to see if bad people can become good without knowing anything about what's waiting for them in the afterlife.
Shotgun.
Whatever they're talking about, if there's a shotgun, I call shotgun.
It's never gonna work, man.
If it doesn't, then they go right back to the Bad Place.
- [SIGHS] - No one gets hurt.
Except them, forever.
And me, I assume, also.
Forever.
Mmm, mmm, mmm - okay, let's do it.
- Yes! Ha! I don't know why.
I'm just feeling kinda funky.
But there have to be strict rules.
Otherwise, the results will be tainted, and I reserve the right to change my mind - at any point.
- About what?! Would someone who's not an eternal being please explain to me what the f [SNAPS FINGERS] Why are you like this? Excuse me? Why am I like this? You don't know me, dude.
You don't know what I'm like.
Look what you made me do, jagoff.
[SIGHS] Look out! Uh-oh.
[GASPS] [DRAMATIC MUSIC] Holy crap.
I just almost died.
She needs to know what was said.
[OVERLAPPING CHATTER] God, Eleanor, take longer next time.
Oh, you look like crap.
I was outside the supermarket arguing with that little environmental twerp - Ugh, I hate that guy.
- Really? That skinny little hippy body kinda turns me on.
- Gross.
- Guys, listen.
I dropped the margarita mix, and when I went to pick it up, a bunch of shopping carts came right at me, and I was just frozen.
And then someone pushed me out of the way, and the carts got, like, demolished by a truck.
I mean, I could've died.
- Oh, my God.
- Wow.
That's crazy.
So is the margarita mix, like, gone? I had a near death experience recently.
You know that old warehouse that burned down last month and, like, four people died? That building is, like, right by my old dentist.
If I still went to that dentist and I had an appointment that day, I would've been like right near there.
I was in Syracuse, New York, like two weeks before 9/11.
- No way! - Yeah, 14 days.
I can't believe we all almost died.
My name is Eleanor Shellstrop, and I think I might be a monster.
I'm rude, I'm selfish, I cyberbullied Ryan Lochte until he quit Instagram, but something happened to me today, and from now on, I'm gonna try to become a better, kinder, more generous person.
Hey, can I use your credit card? You know what? Yes, you can.
Cool.
It's for porn.
I already used it.
[PLEASANT MUSIC] Hey.
You look happy.
You get laid last night? I didn't.
Tried.
Hard.
This chick that I met after I followed her into a yoga class, but she wasn't into it.
Maced me.
Right in the eyes.
Stung like hell.
What was I saying? Oh, yeah.
Hey.
Listen, dude.
What you're doing here selling fake medicine to people, tricking them is wrong.
Yeah.
And? I can't be a part of it anymore.
I'm trying to become a better person, and as long as I work here Yeah, sure, fine, whatever, you quit, who cares? Give me your company ID.
Thank you.
And your parking pass.
- And your panties, please.
- Dude.
What? Come on.
I had to try.
By the way, technically, that is not sexual harassment, because she doesn't work here anymore.
You're wearing a wire? Yeah.
Company's being investigated for fraud, so I'm helping the feds bring everyone down.
Good timing on your part.
Dude, get help.
I'm becoming a better person.
You should, too.
Hey, Eleanor, do you want to come to Lauren's baby shower? Do you want to chew on my ass sortment of brownies that I will be bringing to Lauren's baby shower? S-sure.
Hi there, do you have a second to talk about the environment? Hey.
Remember me? Ah! Don't hurt me.
My bones are brittle.
I have a calcium deficiency.
No, I'm not gonna hurt you, man.
I came to apologize.
There.
I did it.
I apologized.
- No, you didn't.
- Yes, I did, assface.
[CLEARS THROAT] Nope.
You're right.
I didn't.
I apologize for being mean to you like a thousand times.
There's really no excuse.
Thanks.
Apology accepted.
Uh, what's happening? I'm scared.
Hey, I'm on kinda like a self-improvement kick.
Do you think you could help me out, teach me to get all horny for the environment or whatever? Hey, everyone.
This is Eleanor.
She's joining the team.
[APPLAUSE] Hi, welcome.
Nice to meet you.
Hi.
[COUNTERS TICKING] All right, Eleanor.
[GASPS] [THE SUBMARINES' "MAYBE"] There is a sign Among the remnants Of all our words Best left unsaid And when the truth Flies in our direction Do we work it through Or lose our heads CHORUS: Maybe, maybe, maybe we're strong Maybe, maybe, maybe we're wrong Mm, babes, get in on these nachos.
- They're delish.
- Mmm, mm-hmm.
I'm actually trying to eat vegetarian.
Ew! Why? Is it because you feel bad for all the widdle animals with their cute widdle faces because people stuff them into tiny cages just so that we can eat them? Yeah.
That's exactly why.
Okay, guys, um, can I say something for a second? - I love you.
- Aww.
I do.
I mean, I went through a really rough time last year with the whole Dress Bitch thing and people selling T-shirts with my face on them, but you two stuck by me.
- I love you, you dumb sluts! - Come on.
- [GIGGLING] Okay, there's probably something we should tell you.
Or not.
We could also not.
We have to.
It's the right thing to do.
I tore your dress, and then I lied about it.
And then Brittany and I were the ones who made and sold the T-shirts.
But, we did not keep the money.
Yes, we did.
We kept all the money.
And I'm really sorry.
Okay.
That took a lot of courage - for you to admit that - Mm-hmm.
And I admire your honesty.
You stupid skank! How could you do that to me?! I hate you! You're both disgusting hogs, and I want you to move out of my apartment forever literally starting right now! I'm still really glad we told the truth.
Cool.
[GRUNTS] Okay.
Steamed vegetable medley and ice water.
Can I just get the check? And can you throw these plants in the trash? Such a long time now We're doing battle with our own Familiar inhibitions Far away from Home Our trusty compass fails to find This strange and new position Maybe, maybe, maybe we're strong But maybe, maybe, maybe we're strong But maybe, maybe Maybe we're wrong [SIGHS] Damn it.
They're suing you?! This chick is claiming she has whiplash.
She wasn't in the car when I hit it! This is on you.
You should've pretended like you didn't see it and walked away, like everyone else does.
I know! I've hit your car like six times and never said anything.
But I'm trying to be good! [SNICKERING] How is that working out for you? [LAUGHING] [COUNTER TICKING] - [KNOCK AT DOOR] - It's open, dummy.
Eleanor, where have you been? Oh, hey, man.
Sorry, it's been a crazy month.
You know, moving was a hassle, and I'm in the middle of a lawsuit, and I ate vegetables for the first time, and I got diarrhea for, like, a week.
Uh, I know we don't pay a lot, but this is a job, and we need to know we can count on you.
We're meeting tonight to discuss long-term strategy for the organization.
I really think Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude.
Oh, sorry to interrupt whatever boring crap this is, but dude, you need to get dressed.
I got tickets to Taylor Splift.
The Taylor Swift reggae cover band.
They're terrible.
It's gonna be amazing.
[GIGGLES] Mmm.
Yeah, that sounds like more fun.
- I'ma do that.
- Eleanor! What?! What, dude? I've been nothing but good for, like, six months, and all I have to show for it is this crummy apartment, a lawsuit, a loose caboose, and an overdrawn bank account.
Being good is for suckers.
What do you even get out of it? A feeling of fulfillment in your soul.
Gross.
That's the grossest sentence I've ever heard, okay? I quit.
Eat my farts, Benedict Cumberbatch.
Oof! I still think he's kinda hot.
I guess.
In like a sick Victorian boy kind of way.
Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Where we, like, feed him soup.
So tell me about the new business.
We sell classes at a for-profit university, and the classes train people how to sell supplements.
So it's a Ponzi scheme within a Ponzi scheme? - That sounds kinda dicey.
- Oh, it's super dicey.
But I'm in witness protection, so technically, I can't be convicted of any crime.
Well, that's definitely not true, but I also don't care.
Which one's my desk? [SIGHS] You realize what the problem is, right? Yes, but there's no way to help.
[CHORTLING] I'm only giving that guy three stars because he didn't let me stick my head out the moon roof.
Yeah! Dude, my boyfriend just texted.
His wife's out of town, so I'm gonna head over there.
- Mwah! - What? That's lame.
- Boo! - Happy birthday! Hello, bartender.
One alcohol drink, please.
It's my birthday, if you want to give it to me for free.
[CHUCKLES] I always say that, but it actually is my birthday.
- Hmm.
- Last year on my birthday, I almost died, and then I did a bunch of stuff that was good, but weird.
And then I stopped.
And now I'm here.
Sounds like you had a pretty crazy year.
- Hm.
- Wanna talk about it? And in the end, Anthony Anderson and Jerry O'Connell start a successful shampoo company and you see the kangaroo jumping around Australia.
[SNORTS] That is the plot of the movie "Kangaroo Jack.
" - Why did I tell you that? - It's unclear.
You know the thing is, the problem really, with being a do-gooder? - What's that? - No one cares.
I mean, some people care a little bit.
The twerpy little twerps from the environmental place, they care, but I was a good person for six months.
That's like five years, and it felt okay, but not as good as I thought it would.
And what did I get for it? Ah, see, now you're talking about moral desert.
Exactly.
Wait, I am? What? Moral desert is the concept that if you act with virtue, you deserve a reward.
Right.
If I'm not gonna get rewarded somehow, like a tiara or one of those diagonal award belts - Sash.
- Sure.
Then why should I do good things? You know, I had a friend that said whenever she was doing something bad, she'd hear this this little voice in her head, distant little voice, saying, "Oh, come on now.
You know this is wrong.
" And then when she started doing good things, that voice went away.
It was a relief.
Your friend sounds like she's one pick short of a pickle party.
[SNORTS] She's a little rough around the edges, but she was also a really good person, when she tried.
See, I think that little voice was her conscience, trying to guide her in the right direction.
I gotta go home.
What do I owe ya? The real question, Eleanor, is what do we owe to each other? What? Did I sell you a drink? - Am I a bartender? - [CHUCKLES] Drinks are on me.
Good luck.
Ow.
[REFLECTIVE MUSIC] Anybody notice I was gone? Nope.
What do we owe to each other? That is the question Tim Scanlon asked decades ago, and it is a question I will try to answer over the next three hours.
Ugh.
No thanks.
We all have a voice in our head.
That voice doesn't tell us what to do or not do, but it does warn us when we do things that don't feel good or right.
The difference between the term "reasonable," what does it mean to be a reasonable person? I may have a different definition of reasonable so why do it then? Why choose to be good every day if there is no guaranteed reward we can count on, now or in the afterlife? I argue that we choose to be good because of our bonds with other people and our innate desire to treat them with dignity.
Simply put, we are not in this alone.
Hey, dong bait, didn't you get my message? Let's go.
Time is booze.
Yeah, no thanks.
I'm going somewhere else.
[CALM MUSIC] G'day.
Where you headed? St.
John's University, please.
No worries.
- Hi.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
Office hours are on Tuesday.
Oh, I I'm not a student.
Are you Chidi Ana kendrick? Anagonye, and yes.
From the long, nerdy video about the little voice that tells you to be good? From the Cassat Foundation lecture series on the practical applications of ethical theory.
- Yes.
- Great.
Hi.
My name is Eleanor Shellstrop.
Can we talk? Okay.
Here we go.
I still believe that they would have become good people if they'd just gotten a push in the right direction.
[TENSE MUSIC] - Oh, no! - What are they talking about? - No idea.
- It's only four people, and it's clearly the best way to see if bad people can become good without knowing anything about what's waiting for them in the afterlife.
[GROANING] - Okay, let's do it.
- Yes! But there have to be strict rules.
Otherwise, the results will be tainted, and I reserve the right to change my mind at any point.
Would someone who's not an eternal being please explain to me what the f [TENTATIVE MUSIC] Hi, I'm Michael.
You must be The Doorman.
Ah.
This is wild.
I had no idea this was even here.
So I have this ruling from The Judge.
Heading on down to Earth to reverse the deaths of these four people.
It's kind of tricky, you know? It starts up a new timeline, so there might be some ripple effects.
But it's necessary for the experiment that we're doing there.
So, how long's this trip take? Hope I don't get a middle seat.
[SNAPS, CHUCKLES] Wow, I haven't heard a joke in 8,000 years.
And I still haven't.
That's the door to Earth.
You go through there, you'll be wherever you need to be.
You won't have any other powers, though.
You want to get around, you're just going to have to - take a bus or something.
- A bus? Oh, boy, oh, man! I'm going to sit in a front-facing seat.
Or or no, maybe a sideways-facing seat.
I'm I'm going to get so motion sick! Oh, man! What do I do, just grab that key here Whoa, whoa, whoa! This key is made of the very first atoms that came into existence in the universe.
It is one of a kind and cannot be duplicated.
See? "Do Not Duplicate.
" Only I touch this key.
Oh, and what's the significance of the keychain? Nothing, I just like frogs.
I'm a frog guy.
When you need to get back here, make sure you're alone.
Press this button.
Any questions? No? Great.
Knock yourself out.
[LIGHTLY TENSE MUSIC] Uh-oh.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC] I-I'm sorry, but this is an important moment - On your right, mate! - Oh, jeez, watch it, man! [YELLS] Come down! Come down where you belong.
[SCREAMS] Buongiorno.
Buongiorno.
[GROANS] Oh, wow! I was just on Earth.
It was incredible.
The the traffic, the pigeons.
And I saw this place that was, at once, a Pizza Hut and a Taco Bell! I mean, oh! The mind reels.
A Pizza Hut and a Taco Bell! Ah! [BRIGHT MUSIC] Oh, Janet, it was everything I ever imagined.
I got to ride a bike.
I put a coin in a thing and got a gumball.
And then someone came up to me and said, "Hot enough for ya?" And you know what I said? I said, "Tell me about it.
" [LAUGHS] Well, I am glad that you got to chew a gumball.
Oh, damn.
I didn't even think to chew it.
Missed opportunity, shoot.
Did you also save their lives? Yes, of course.
Everyone is safe.
Including Jason.
Now we just sit back and watch as they become better people.
Being good is for suckers.
What do you even get out of it? I quit.
Eat my farts, Benedict Cumberbatch.
[WHIMSICAL MUSIC] Morning, Chidi.
Blueberry muffin for ya? Uh, I don't know, maybe.
I can't decide.
- You all right there, mate? - Okay, I've made my decision.
I want to start crying.
[LOUD SOB] Hey, Tahani Al-Jamil.
I'm from "International Sophisticate Magazine.
" Mind if we ask you 582 questions? - Sounds delightful.
- Where are we, exactly? My pied-a-terre, just off the coast of "Barthelona.
" What's one thing people don't know about you? That I was such a tomboy in high school.
- See? - Wow! Looking good.
Okay, next question.
Who would you say is the most famous person in your phone? It's not about who you know.
Enlightenment comes from within.
The Dalai Lama texted me that.
K, will you make me the happiest man in the world, and agree to be my wife? No.
Do you think my name is the letter K? Just say yes.
If we're married, legally you can't arrest me.
Plus, bonus you get half the stuff I stole.
Yep, he just confessed to the robbery.
Damn it.
[EXHALES] You realize what the problem is, right? Yes, but there's no way to help.
Maybe there is.
In the afterlife, they all got better because they helped each other.
And the key to that was Chidi and Eleanor's connection.
If I get the two of them together, - everything else will follow.
- Michael, no.
I'm going to meet Eleanor someplace and plant the idea in her mind that she needs to find Chidi.
Oh, and then maybe I'll visit Chidi and make sure that he helps her when she shows up.
I'm just going to nudge the two of them together.
Just nudge-y nudge nudge.
The Judge was pretty clear in her instructions, and The Judge is, you know, The Judge of, you know, the universe.
She'll never find out.
She spends all her time in her chambers bingeing TV shows.
She's watching all of "NCIS" right now.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] Hey, there.
Need to head on back to Earth.
Travel papers.
Yeah.
You know, The Judge said to use the same ones.
Because I'm, uh, you know, visiting the same people.
Oh, yeah, I almost forgot.
I brought you a nice hot cup of antimatter.
I usually only drink decaf antimatter.
- Ah.
- Eh, I'll take it.
It's only 4:30.
My shift doesn't end until 9 billion.
Ooh.
- What do I owe ya? - The real question, Eleanor, is what do we owe to each other? What do we owe to each other? That is the question Tim Scanlon asked decades ago, and it is the question I will try to answer over the next three hours.
Are you Chidi Anna Kendrick? Anagonye, and yes.
Great, hi.
My name is Eleanor Shellstrop.
- Can we talk? - Sure.
Okay, uh, where do I start? I'm not, like, the best person in the world.
I'm a trash bag from Arizona, which is saying something.
Our biggest exports are racist sheriffs and HPV.
But about a year ago, something crazy happened [KNOCKING] And I [BOTH SPEAKING FRENCH] Sorry.
I've been flying for like, 40 hours.
This is Australia, right? Yes.
I grew up in Senegal, so my native language is French.
But I went to American schools, so I also speak English.
- Oh.
- And German and Greek.
And Latin, just in case it ever comes back.
Cool.
I once got 12 out of 12 on a Buzzfeed quiz called "Do you know all the slang words the Kardashians invented?" - Congratulations? - Thank you.
I'm going to be honest.
I did cheat.
But you were saying something crazy happened to you? Yes, uh, I almost died.
And it made me want to become a better person, which I did for a while.
But then I fell back into my old trash bag ways.
Yesterday, I saw your lecture, and something just clicked.
Wait, you flew all the way here from Arizona just to see me? You know what, don't flatter yourself, pal.
Sorry, that's a knee-jerk reaction.
Yes, that's exactly what I did.
And I know that seems zonk-atronic that's Khloe's word for crazy but I need someone to help guide me, morally speaking.
And I think I need it to be you.
What do you say? Will you help me become a good person? [SOFT MUSIC] - Yes.
- [CHUCKLES] [INHALES] I'll start you off with some introductory philosophy books, and then we'll meet here once a week.
Great.
Ideally, some of those books will have been made into a movie or maybe a funny GIF.
But anything's good with me, man.
- Can I ask you something? - Mm-hmm.
Why are you helping me? I'm a teacher.
That's my job.
Yeah, but I'm not your student.
I'm just some hot rando who walked in off the street.
There's got to be another reason.
Yes, there is.
Um I also had a near-death experience.
- Whoa.
- Well, I mean, I don't know for sure that I would have died, but, it was pretty nuts.
I'm sorry, but this is an important moment in our friendship - On your right, mate! - Oh, jeez.
Watch it, man! [YELLS] Oh, my God.
Are you okay? That that is right where I was standing.
I was frozen here, unable to make a single decision, and I almost got crushed by an air conditioner.
This is a sign.
I shouldn't be using air conditioners.
The freon is awful for the environment.
That's the lesson you take from this? Chidi, your brain is broken.
You need to fix your brain.
So in a nutshell, I have a 3,600-page thesis that I am nowhere near finishing, I am absolutely paralyzed by decision-making, and it is destroying my life.
Yeah, I sort of got that when you couldn't choose a chair to sit on.
Well, I didn't want to offend you in case you had a favorite.
Look, I know I just kind of nope walked in here, and you don't know me at all, but is there any way to tell if my indecision is due to a brain thing? Um, yeah, sure.
Now what we do is we make a lengthy incision from your eyebrows to the nape of your neck, and we peel your face back, right, then slice your skull open.
And I just randomly stab at your brain with an electrified needle.
The fun part is you're awake the whole time.
Uh I'm kidding! I'll just give you an MRI and look at the part of your brain that controls decision-making.
Oh, I want that.
I need to learn about my brain, please.
Well, so you just march into my office unannounced, tell me your brain is broken, then demand I drop everything and just put you in the university's $3 million MRI machine? Oh, I'm sorry, I just I freaking love it.
You're so weird! Let's go.
- Right now? - Oh, yeah, come on.
Oh okay.
[LIGHT MUSIC] This is your hippocampus.
It regulates memory.
Yours looks great, very strong.
Gorgeous hippocampus here! [BOTH LAUGH] This is your ventromedial prefrontal cortex, the center of decision-making.
This is where the magic happens.
Do you see how it's all lit up? That's a flurry of activity that occurred when I asked you to choose between red and blue, and you almost passed out.
Is it too late to pick blue instead? It is, yeah.
The point is, at first glance, your brain is very healthy.
Huh, there are actual answers here, data you can observe and learn from.
Yeah, man, science is all about getting answers.
You philosophers can spend your entire life mulling over a single questions.
That's why everyone hates moral philosophy professors.
- [LAUGHS] - No offense.
Oh, none taken.
We suck.
- Yeah.
- [BOTH LAUGH] [UPBEAT MUSIC] - Chidi.
- One blueberry muffin, please.
Why choose to be good every day? I argue that we choose to be good because of our bonds with other people.
Simply put, we are not in this alone.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE] Wow, Chidi.
You chose that muffin in less than a minute.
That beats your old record by 59 minutes.
Henry, I feel amazing.
I am 100 pages into my new thesis, and it is some of the best writing that I have ever done.
I haven't been this happy since Oh, wow.
I've never been happy.
- Ha! - Bad! I'm proud of you, mate.
It must be really nice to live that way.
Well, that's the beauty of it.
Anyone can live this way.
Just decide to be more decisive.
Like, what's something that you've always wanted to do? I mean, I have been putting off getting in shape.
Then make the decision to wake up tomorrow morning and get in shape.
It is that easy.
Okay.
Maybe I will! - What have you got to lose? - Nothing! Henry, what happened to you? Well, I was using the leg press at the gym, and you know how your legs bend a certain way? My legs bend the other way now.
Oh, no.
All the tendons in my legs snapped like violin strings, and then, my foot flew forwards, and I kicked myself in the face, which gave me a concussion.
But on the bright side, I lost control of my bladder.
Someone got it on video, and now "Leg Press Whizzer" has 62,000 views on Youtube.
- I'm famous.
- This is all my fault.
I did this to you.
Oh oh, muffins! I brought blueberry muffins.
Oh, no, you shouldn't eat blueberries anymore.
Read an article.
The migrant workers who pick them are horribly mistreated.
Yaaaaaaah! [BRIGHT MUSIC] Good morning, Chidi.
Blueberry muffin for ya? Uh, I don't know, maybe.
I can't decide.
- You all right there, mate? - Okay, I've made my decision.
I want to start crying.
[WHEELS SQUEAK] [BRIGHT MUSIC] Excuse me? What is the maximum number of books that I can check out? - Is it 12,000? - Got a wild weekend planned? Well, I need to find a new topic for my thesis, and I had this thing happen that made me more decisive, and a few months ago, my friend broke both of his legs, and it's my fault, and blueberries, and I need help.
- Whoo! - Maybe that help will come from Tay Zonday's autobiography, "Chocolate Book.
" I mean, who's to say? Mate, I've worked in this library a long time, and I've seen a lot of academic types with that same helpless look on their faces.
They all made it through okay.
- Once they learned the secret.
- What's the secret? There's a secret? Is the secret more books? - How many more books do I need? - It's not about books, mate.
It's about perspective.
Sometimes, when you're feeling helpless, the secret is to help someone else.
Get out of your own head.
Trust me.
The next time someone asks for help, say yes.
[SOFT MUSIC] A few hours later, you walked in and asked for help.
Now, I don't know if this is going to solve all of my problems, but it's worth a try, right? Well, thank you, sexy librarian guy.
I didn't say he was sexy.
Oh, I know, but whenever anyone tells me a story about their life, I always imagine all the people as being super hot.
Otherwise, I quickly lose interest.
Do you not do that? You can do it for free.
I got to say, I enjoyed playing the role of mysterious librarian, and I really [BAD ACCENT] nailed the Australian accent.
- Uh-huh, flawless.
- Thank you.
But the point is, Eleanor and Chidi are together, and now we can relax.
Everything is finally on track.
[TENSE MUSIC] - Status report.
- They're plugging away, but we still can't hack into The Judge's system.
Damn it, those four humans have been on Earth for over a year.
I need to know if they're getting better.
Can I just ask? We torture, like, 30 billion humans.
Why do you care so much about these four? [INTENSE MUSICAL BUILDUP] Never mind.
Forget I asked.
Serves him right for questioning you, boss.
I think you're doing a great job.
Thank you, Todd.
- No, no, no, no - Why did you do that? I'm a demon.
It's fun.
No one leaves this room until we've accessed The Judge's system.
Would music help? Should I play some music? Good idea.
Choose something deeply terrible to inspire us.
Wherever you go Oh, yeah.
That's the stuff.
So for Aristotle, virtue is practical.
Goodness isn't something that a person just inherently has.
It's something that she achieves through her actions.
- Questions? - Uh, yeah, a few.
I wrote down "what?" "huh?" And then this doodle of a burrito because when I first read Aristotle, I thought it was pronounced like Chipotle.
Wait a minute, is it "Chip-o-tottle"? These are all great questions.
But I have to meet my thesis adviser across campus.
Oh, well, I'm headed that way, too.
I'll walk with you.
Hey, so, I've been trying to figure out how to pay you back for helping me.
I told you, you don't owe me anything.
At home, when I want to get something nice for one of my friends, it usually comes in the form of something edible.
You get what I'm saying? An "edible" thing? - Please don't buy me drugs.
- Okay, copy that.
I had no choice, I was in his driveway taking pictures when he walked out, so I said "Hey, Mr.
Crowe, I'm from the gas company.
" - "I loved you in 'Gladiator.
'" - Chidi, hey! - Hey! - I got a question.
Is it "What's my thesis topic?" - Because I still don't know.
- No, it's not that.
[LAUGHS] Oh, I'm sorry.
You guys haven't met yet.
- Um, Simone, this is Eleanor.
- The famous Simone.
- Nice to meet you.
- You too.
So I've got to do some MRI scans as a control for an experiment.
And since you loved it so much last time, I was wondering if you could just pop back in there and help me out? - Oh, absolutely.
- Cool, okay.
Well, just come by my lab at 6:00 and then afterwards, I can buy you dinner as a thank you.
Oh, no, no, you don't have to do that.
Oh, okay.
Well, uh, I'll see you later.
Nice to meet you.
- You, too.
- Yeah.
[BRIGHT MUSIC] - What? - Uh, you and Simone had some real professor dork vibes flowing.
You're both teachers who are hot for teacher.
[SQUEALS] How have you not asked her out yet? - Are you scared? - Well, it's not impressive to guess that I'm scared, Eleanor.
I'm scared of everything, and I can't just do things like that.
- Just drop it, okay? - Well Okay, just promise me you'll drop it.
Okay.
I promise.
So you're into Chidi, right? I mean, forgive my bluntness, but I'm usually right about these things.
Well, yeah, but I made it pretty clear a bunch of times, and he's never responded, so I just assumed he wasn't interested.
Okay, I'm all set.
I'm just going to ask you some basic questions, Chidi.
- What is one plus one? - Two.
- What color is the sky? - Blue.
What color are Simone's eyes? Brown.
Uh uh, what? If you could take Simone anywhere on a date, where would you take her? Sorry, is this part of the experiment? It is now, yes.
Please answer the question.
And keep in mind, we can see your brain.
Next question.
You are into Simone.
- That's not a question.
- So you agree it's a fact.
Next question's for Simone.
Simone, are you annoyed at Chidi for waiting so long to ask you out? - Yes, I am.
- Chidi, same question for you.
Are you annoyed at yourself for waiting so long to ask out Simone? I mean, I'm annoyed with you, and I've only known you three weeks.
Yes, I am obviously very annoyed with myself.
Can I get out now? No, you can't.
It'll ruin the science.
There's only one question left, and you got to ask it, bud.
[SOFT MUSIC] Simone, would you like to have dinner with me? Wow, that is highly inappropriate.
- Uh - I'm just kidding.
Yes, I would.
Thank you for asking.
- Aw, cute.
- This is a disaster.
Michael, relax.
How are the two of them going to bond? There were plenty of reboots where Eleanor and Chidi weren't even soul mates, and he still always helped her.
Simone and Chidi are good together.
I've been running simulations on what their kids will be like.
One of them is hot enough to be on "The Bachelor" and smart enough to never go on "The Bachelor.
" This is not just about Chidi.
I've left too much to chance.
Until our group is back together again, this whole thing is hanging by a thread.
I'm going back down.
You're pressing your luck.
If you keep disobeying Mommy, something bad is going to happen.
- What? - Oh, I don't have a mom, so I've been experimenting with thinking of The Judge as my mom.
- It's weird, forget it.
- Okay.
How are you even going to get Jason and Tahani to Australia? I have no idea, but I have to try.
Well, good luck, Dad.
Nope, also weird.
Just go.
Hey, bud.
Brought you some decaf hazelnut antimatter.
Just a little treat for my old pal, The Doorman.
Heading back down, by the way.
You sure The Judge is okay with you going back to Earth so many times? Oh, yeah, yeah, all good.
See, still got the papers.
Shouldn't be long.
[LIGHTLY TENSE MUSIC] [KEYBOARD CLACKING] How are we doing, Steve? I'm trying.
I'm getting close.
Good.
No pressure.
[TENSE MUSIC] - [COMPUTER BEEPS] - Aha! Someone just went down to Earth, and that gave me a back door into The Judge's system.
Now we can see everything that's happening with all four humans.
[GASPS] - Excellent work, Steve.
- [EXHALES] Uh-oh, looks like someone's been cocooning again.
You know, it would be a real help if you let me know the next time you were about to [TENSE MUSIC] Well, well, well.
Looks like Michael's been caught with his hand in the human jar.
- Good one, boss.
- Shut up, Glenn.
Morning, teach.
Ready to discuss philosophy.
Obviously, I'm kidding.
How was your date with Simone? Spill it, sweetheart.
We had a great time.
Thank you again for bullying me into asking her out.
Well, I owed it to you.
And bonus, I realized I was practicing virtue ethics by helping the two of you bone down.
Okay, not appropriate.
Also, not a great understanding of virtue ethics.
Oh, we can agree to disagree.
But if you must know, it was very chaste.
We didn't even kiss.
- Because you chickened out? - I did! Yeah, I totally chickened out, and I am so mad at myself.
Well, hey, maybe it wasn't the right moment.
Knowing the two of you nerds, your first kiss is going to be while reading Plato in an MRI machine.
[CHUCKLES] Oh, hang on.
Come with me.
Simone, what's the one thing Eleanor and I have in common? You both have a complete disregard for my office hours.
- Sorry, Reginald.
- Oh, no worries.
Look, listen, Eleanor is an Arizona trash bag.
- Yep.
- Her words, not mine.
- Totally.
- Who once told me that her greatest accomplishment was breaking into Charles Barkley's house.
Mm.
He was on the road.
I snuck in through the doggy door.
Tried on all his giant shoes.
One of my top five Christmases.
Listen, the point is, Eleanor and I have nothing in common except that we both almost died, and it made us want to be better people.
This is my thesis idea.
I will explore the effect of near-death experiences on ethical decision-making.
I will get a group of people together who have had near-death experiences, ask them ethical questions, and see if there's any commonalities! That's great! Why are you yelling it at me? Because I need your help! You and your magic brain scan machine.
Oh, of course! A joint study with the neuroscience department.
We can use MRI mapping to see if a near-death experience alters brain function.
There's something there, right? Definitely, I love this.
Great.
Also, I wanted to kiss you last night, but I chickened out, so I'm going to kiss you now.
Good, yes.
I want that, please.
[SOFT MUSIC] Oh, sorry, Reginald.
What were you saying? Um, that I can't come to class tomorrow - 'cause my grandma died.
- Oof.
Real mood ruiner.
Read the room, dude.
[BRIGHT MUSIC] Bingo.
Okay.
Oh, good, you're here.
Eleanor, meet the newest member of our ethical neuro-scientific study, Tahani Al-Jamil.
Hello, Eleanor.
Delighted to meet you.
Al-Jamil.
Oh, you're Kamilah's sister.
I am, yes.
If you want an autograph or something, I can probably arrange it.
Eh, I was never really that into her no offense.
Oh, [LAUGHS] I assure you, there is none taken.
So how did you come to join our team? Well, it's a bit of a story, I suppose.
It, uh, began about a year ago.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC] Come down! Come down where you belong.
Aah! [SCREAMS, COMMOTION] - Well done, Tahani.
- Who saved me? Did anyone see who just saved my life? - It was Kamilah! - No, it was a man, I think.
- It was Kamilah! - It was Kamilah! No, it wasn't Kamilah! It was someone over there.
ALL: Kamilah, Kamilah, Kamilah, Kamilah, Kamilah! I had almost died.
And in that very moment, I decided to change my life.
First, I cleansed myself of all the worldly possessions that had been weighing me down like anchors the dresses, the jewels.
I gave them all to Good Will.
That's what I call Prince William.
Since he'd married a commoner, I assumed he'd know some needy people they could go to.
Sure.
Then I deleted all my celebrity contacts from my mobile.
Good-bye, Bono.
Good-bye, The Edge.
Good-bye, The Edge's real phone number that even Bono doesn't have.
And most importantly, I put physical distance between me and my old life.
Book me a flight to Tibet.
I'm going to live in a Buddhist monastery.
I need to get out of the spotlight.
Copy that, I'll see what jets are available.
- No, I'm flying commercial.
- Okay.
- First class, I assume? - No.
I'm a woman of the people now.
[UPBEAT MUSIC] Comfort Plus.
And there, in that humble monastery, thousands of miles from the meaningless concerns of high society, I embarked upon a quest for enlightenment.
I learned to embrace a life of simplicity.
I meditated.
I worked.
I gave back to Mother Earth.
And I slept.
My soul had never felt so nourished, until one day, my former life came knocking at the open space where a door would have been if we were given any privacy.
Yo, is that Tahani Al-Jamil? Man, it totes is you! What up? I'm Colby, "Squalor News.
" What are you doing in this monastery? Oh, we're doing a new show about poverty, drug lords, gun running, weird-ass restaurants, skateboarding, oh, and also genocide.
It's called "Society is F'ed.
" What are you doing here, though? Is this where you came after your sister saved your life? I am living here as a way to shed my desire for attention.
Toigh, that's what's up! You got to shed that, right? But listen, if you ever want us to do like a monster profile on you and your monk junk, we would be honored AF.
I think people would be supes interested in what you're doing here, for real.
Look, here's my card.
Think about it.
Of course, I never called him to do that profile because I didn't pursue a life of tranquility to get in front of a camera.
I did it to get out of the spotlight.
And that's what my book is about shedding your need for validation from others.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] Publisher says you'll hit 2 million copies sold by next week.
Your "582 Questions With" video was nominated for a BAFTA.
- That's fun.
- Also, they want you for "Oprah.
" "Oprah" is off the air.
No, they want you to take over for Oprah.
Also, this investor wants to meet you.
I checked him out, he's legit.
Tahani.
Gordon Indigo.
I just have to say you are so inspiring.
Aw.
Namaste.
I mean, you really have all these idiots fooled.
- Excuse me? - Listen.
I'm sure you're already rolling in dough from this incredible scam, but have you thought about merch? Because we could, uh, we could partner here.
I made a fortune selling Nirvana Orbs, which is to say, driving range golf balls that I painted silver.
- That's awful.
- No, it's healing.
Wink.
[LAUGHS] You should be selling whatever crap you can think of, because these people will buy it.
- That is quite enough.
- Hm? And how dare you insinuate that I'm not authentic? I finished signing your headshots.
- Oh, not now.
- Ms.
Al-Jamil, it's okay.
You and I are the same.
I love what you're doing here.
You get to be rich and famous and not have to do any of the work of helping people.
But I am helping people.
You need to go right now.
Suit yourself.
Look, if you change your mind, I'm online.
Just Google "crystals" that prevent erectile dysfunction.
" [SCOFFS] I'm sorry, but Ms.
Al-Jamil doesn't have time to participate in an ethical study at some random university.
If you want to meet her, you can sign up for the "Get Out of the Spotlight" cruise, with special guests Deepak Chopra and Will.
I.
Am.
Hello? This is Tahani Al-Jamil.
Oh, hi, I didn't think I'd actually get you.
My name is Chidi Anagonye, and I'm doing an academic study on near-death experiences and ethical decision-making.
I read an article about you Will it help people? That's all I want to know.
Will this help people? Yes, I I think so.
I I mean, that's the goal.
Send me the info.
I'll be there tomorrow morning.
Wow.
But how had you learned about me, I wonder? A professor I'd never heard of named Charles Brainman sent me an article about you.
Said you'd be perfect for our study.
Well, welcome to Australia.
Oh, if you need a place to crash while you get settled, my motel has a pull-out sofa.
Although, as I say that, and I look at you and your whole thing, I realize that's absurd, and you should probably just get your own place.
Yes, I I think that's best.
- But but thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Three down, one to go.
[SOFT MUSIC] Sup, bud? I've been looking for you.
Oh, sorry.
Are these your rocks? No, look.
My name is [SNAPS] Zach Pizazz.
International talent scout.
I've been tracking your dance troupe, man.
I think you really got the goods.
I want you to come on down to Australia and start a new crew, all right? I'll pay for everything.
You may have a few other obligations, but basically Uh, thanks, but no thanks, man.
- I'm done with dancing.
- But wait, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You heard what my name was, right? Zach Pizazz? My life is just kind of messed up right now.
I had a really tough year.
- [ROCK SPLASHES] - I'm sorry.
Want to talk about it? I'm a pretty good listener.
Well, my year started about a year ago.
[BLOWS] Pillboi, I can't breathe, and I'm freaking out, and I'm almost out of whip-its! Pillboi! - [POUNDING IN BACKGROUND] - Buongiorno.
Buongiorno.
[GROANS] - Yo, what happened? - I couldn't breathe.
The snorkel must have been broken.
Yo, that sucks.
- You ready to get back in there? - No, man.
We're not doing this no more.
I almost died trying to rob a Mexican restaurant.
I have to change my life.
[BRIGHT MUSIC] I know what I'm going to do.
I'm going to win this dance competition.
So you didn't see any other posters there? No, don't think so.
Why? Doesn't matter.
Continue.
Homies, I almost died yesterday.
But we've been given a second chance.
Three months from today, on this very stage in the Carmen Electra auditorium, right here at the Smith & Wesson Performing Arts Center and ATV Repair Shop, we are going to win this dance competition.
How, you ask? By working.
We are going to eat, breathe, and vape dance.
I want you thinking about dance 24/7.
That means every day, you think 20 thoughts about dance for seven minutes.
And if you can't promise me that you'll give this dance crew everything that you've got, then you can walk out that door.
Right now.
Yeah, okay.
I'm out.
What? Come on, Donkey Doug.
After all we've been through? Listen, you know you're my boy, but this sounds like a lot of work.
Good luck.
BOTH: Pew, pew.
Donkey Doug out! Damn, that's a tough blow.
But now that those guys are no longer members of our crew, we can legally rob their houses.
No, Little Peanut.
We're going to do this the right way.
No more crime, and if you don't like that, you can walk out that door.
Right now.
[LOW CHATTER] What? Co Oh, come on We still got like 35 people, so let's get to work.
[APPLAUSE] Quick announcement.
Will the owner of a 1998 Toyota Tercel with golden pythons painted on both sides, license plate GOT-MILF please see an usher.
Your car has exploded.
All right, ya'll ready for the next act? Please give it up right now for Dance Dance Resolution! [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] [DANCE MUSIC] In the six-year history of this competition, no crew has ever received a perfect score from our judges.
That changed tonight.
But before we get to that, Dance Dance Resolution has been disqualified.
What? No, why? Because you have 40 people onstage.
The limit is eight.
Also, one of your members tried to carjack me - on my way in here.
- No, that was Donkey Doug, and he's not a part of our crew anymore.
We win! We win! ALL: We win, we win, we win! No, again, you are disqualified.
And the winner is Panther Blood! And the winner is Suck Monsters! And the winner is Nobody.
All teams are disqualified due to violence.
[GROANING] Okay, well, we're out of rent money.
So remember that thing I said about no more crime? That's over now.
Go do crime.
Yep, he just confessed to the robbery.
- Damn it! - That was easy.
Look, please let me go.
I only did it to pay rent for my dance crew's rehearsal space.
Oh, well then, you're in luck.
We only arrest people for robbery if they don't have a reason.
Sorry it took me so long to bail you out.
No, it was my fault.
I shouldn't have used my one phone call to prank the police department.
Man, a year ago, I almost died, and I'm exactly the same as I was before.
- A failure.
- You're not a failure.
You're a dreamer.
Look, I like my job at the old folk's home.
Those old biddies are sweet, and sometimes they give me what they think are candy but are really loose Vicodin.
But when I'm with you, I feel like the sky's the limit.
I feel like someday, I'll be able to buy my own Vicodin.
And it'll never turn out to actually be laxatives.
Thanks, dog, but if my life ended today, what would my legacy be? Sure, I did a wheelie on a dirt bike through an entire Waffle House, and I was once interviewed on the news for finding a foot on the beach.
But yo, other than that, I have no truly great accomplishments.
Bro.
I'm only saying this because I love you.
Do you want a Vicodin right now? So I walked out of that bar, came down to this wharf, threw a rock at a snake, met a guy named Zach Pizazz, talked to him about my crazy year that I've had which started when I was locked in a safe.
No, that was me.
I'm Zach Pizazz.
- We're caught up now.
- Oh, yeah.
- Yeah.
- A year ago, if you had asked me to run a dance crew in Atlantis - Australia.
- I would have said yes for sure.
But now, and I know this sounds crazy, but I'm starting to think there might be more to life than amateur street dancing competitions.
It's funny, but I know exactly what you mean.
My goal in life used to be completely different, too.
I used to, um rep this crew called the Demons.
Whoa, I remember you guys! Didn't you all die when someone brought a hammerhead shark into your hot tub? Different Demons.
The point is, I had to leave my old crew behind, you know? But I met new friends who helped me become a better person.
Look, I know this group of people who are also searching for meaning.
They might be able to help you find what you're looking for.
What do you think? You want to go meet them? Yeah, that sounds great.
Do we have to leave right now? My friend gave me a pill that I realized one second ago was definitely a laxative.
No, go, go.
[WHOOSH] Well, that is the last time I'll need to head back down there.
So to thank you for your help, I brought you back something from Earth.
A little token of my appreciation.
It keeps your antimatter warmer for longer.
- It's a frog.
- Yeah.
- There's a frog on it! - Yeah.
Right there, it's a frog! Oh, man, it's green.
It's classic.
Oh, this guy's a jumper.
You can tell.
- Thank you! - You're welcome.
Wow, that really went over big! [WHIMSICAL MUSIC] How's Jason? Is he still cute? - Oh, he looks about the same.
- That sounds cute.
- Hey, guys.
- Ooh, hey, Judge.
- Long time no see.
- Yeah.
- How's it going? - So good.
I mean, everything is going according to plan, and nothing is going differently from the plan.
Yes, that's a very not weird way to put it.
I'm just stretching my legs.
Just binged like 300 episodes of "NCIS.
" - Oof! - You know, I'm not a human woman, but that Mark Harmon can get it.
You know what I'm saying? Speaking of human cutiepies, how's that Chidi doing? Oh, sorry, Judge.
Let me just Ooh, hey, you know what you would love - if you like Mark Harmon? - Yeah? "Stealing Home.
" He is very sexy in "Stealing Home" according to the private thoughts of more than 7 million Caucasian women.
Oh, hot tip.
Thanks, girl.
- [GIGGLES] - You guys want to come with? - BOTH: Ooh.
- We can watch together.
I can whip up some nachos.
- I am incapable of eating, so.
- Suit yourselves.
- Party poopers.
- Ah, party poopers! I guess it'll just be me and Mark, then.
[LAUGHTER] Naughty, naughty.
[DEEPLY INHALES] Oh, boy.
Michael, we almost just got busted.
Yeah, but we didn't, and more importantly, Jason just arrived in Australia.
The four of them are finally together.
Oh, we did it, Janet! We got away with it.
[BRIGHT MUSIC] So this is our MRI machine.
Oh, don't don't touch that.
Each of you will get a chance in here eventually.
Hopefully, none of you is claustrophobic.
Clausterphobic? Who would ever be scared of Santa Claus? Oh! The Jewish.
Are you from Florida? - Jacksonville.
- Yeah.
That should be fine for me.
It's roughly the same size as Nicole Kidman's cryogenic anti-aging chamber, and I've never had a problem in there.
I'll be okay, too.
Kinda of reminds me of the home tanning booth I lost my virginity in.
Wow, I cannot wait to take a look at these three brains.
Oh, forgot to mention.
There's one more person who will be joining us.
Seems like a really interesting guy.
He was almost run over by a train a few months ago.
Heard about the study, emailed me last night.
[TENSE MUSIC] This doesn't make any sense.
They're all there.
What's going on? - Oh, no.
- What is it? Something bad, Janet.
Something very dark and evil.
Oh, yes.
Come on in.
- Everyone, this is Trevor.
- Hey, guys.
It is so great to meet you.
[HEAVY BASS NOTES]
Michael, a demon has infiltrated the group.
Not just any demon.
Trevor is a diabolical, sadistic agent of evil.
Might just be the single most dangerous creature in the universe.
Who wants lemon bars? It's my nana's recipe, and they are just sinful.
Love 'em on my lips but hate 'em on my hips, if you know what I mean.
All right, new guy, coming in strong with free dessert.
You must be Eleanor, the reason this is all happening.
I am.
It's so nice to hear someone say, "Eleanor, you're the reason this is all happening" who isn't a judge in small claims court.
Thank you for this, Eleanor.
It's a wonderful thing you've done.
Mm, happy to help you out, buddy.
Oh, we're doing a long hug.
Are you crying? Sorry, I'm just I'm just so happy to be here, if that makes sense.
Okay, the five of us narrowly avoided death.
The operating theory of this experiment is that So, I give them ethics problems, and we scan their brains, and we get a sense of their baseline moral instincts.
Right, then I'll show them pictures that trigger memories of their near-death experiences, we'll scan again, and see if we get a different result.
For example, I'll show Jason pictures of a safe, a snorkel, and whip-it canisters.
Got it.
Also, what a grim death that would have been.
Darling, do you remember all the rules about what can and cannot be worn inside an MRI? More specifically, what if one's brassiere is very thin, but also very pure gold? I don't know, but I'm in a similar "situ-aysh," because the sports bra I'm wearing is kind of rust-colored underneath the armpits, so I guess we'll roll the dice together.
Hey, Eleanor, do I have the right phone number for you? You haven't responded to any of the dank memes I've sent.
Oh, yeah, I 'cause I was laughing too hard to reply.
Okay, what's your fave? 'Cause mine's "Damn Daniel.
" Back at it again with the white Vans! Should we get started, maybe? Oh, Mrs.
Teacher, for my turn, is there any way to get, like, extra radiation? There is no radiation in the MRI.
But why do you ask? Uh, no reason.
Jason, what do you got in your hand there, bud? Nothing.
Is it a spider? Yes.
Do you think taking a spider in an MRI machine will give you superpowers? Hey, it might work.
He already bit me a bunch of times and gave me the power to swell up my hand.
- Oh, my God.
- What? Trevor.
Hey, Mikey, fancy seeing you down on Earth completely illegally.
Sweet outfit.
Dick Tracy called.
He said you're a buttface and he's been plowing your mom.
Hey, well, Dick Tracy called me, too, first, and he said he was about to call you and say a lie about me that was actually true about you instead.
Whatever.
What are you doing here, Trevor? Shawn hacked the judge's system, and we caught you cheating, getting your four little cockroaches to meet up.
What, you think we were just gonna sit around in the Bad Place blowing beefers while you're down on Earth boning us in the meathole? So why didn't Shawn just go to the judge and turn me in? Because this way's more fun, knuckle nuts.
First of all, I'm currently formulating a better comeback to your Dick Tracy burn, and it's gonna devastate you.
Second, you're too late, because when I did this experiment in my neighborhood, every time Eleanor asked Chidi for help, their bond became unbreakable, and the entire group improved.
No, you're right.
There's no way I'll get one of these bozos to drop out of an unpaid, rigorous academic study, especially when they're doing it with me, their overeager new best friend.
Well, I should head back.
You want to come with? Oh, right, they've all seen you already, so you can't show your face to them again, so you're powerless to stop me.
Later days, dingus.
Dick Tracy called back on his watch phone and said you better "watch" out.
Shoot, second too late.
Okay, uh, Simone's gotta analyze the scans, so why don't the rest of you head home? Good first day, everyone.
Hey, teach, um, do you think, maybe, we could continue the one-on-one lessons on the side? I feel like last week, I had my own personal ninja master, and now I'm taking tai chi with a bunch of farting housewives.
Between the new project and my classes, I won't have time, but this is way better.
You're still gonna learn a lot, and you'll have a fun group of people to study with outside of class.
- But - Hey, gang.
I just had a neat idea.
Let's all go sightseeing.
- Dope.
- Yeah.
We can check out Sydney, get to know each other, bond.
What do you say, E Street Band? You up for a Segway tour of Australia, mate? This is a knife on the barbie.
Cool idea.
I'm just worried that, maybe, it's too cool.
I think I'm just gonna find the nearest bar, have one or eight drinks, and hit the hay.
Even better! We'll all go bend an elbow.
Actually, I know the perfect place for homesick Americans.
Hey, dudes, welcome to the Cowboy Skyscraper Buffet.
Oh, hey, can we get the Florida table? They absolutely nail the swamp stench.
Oh, someone's seated there.
But if you purchase our Manifest Destiny package for $30, you can have anyone you want forcibly removed from the table.
We'll just sit anywhere.
When your table's ready, this gun'll go off.
I think this is real.
So, listen up, y'all.
I was so excited to join the group that I made sweatshirts.
You get a sweatshirt.
You get a sweatshirt.
- You get a sweatshirt.
- I get a sweatshirt.
"The Brainy Bunch.
" Awesome! I love being on teams, and if we're on a team now, we need nicknames.
Optimus, Bumblebee, Jazz, ugh, Megatron.
That's what you can each call me.
Now we need nicknames for you guys.
Ah, this is the best! I'm gonna get the first round, and we are all gonna toast to Eleanor, the reason we're all here.
Yay, Eleanor! Oh, well, if you guys are celebrating, I recommend the jalapeno poppers.
Hi, there, I'm Janet.
I'll be taking care of you tonight.
Can I get you started with some drinks? Our specialty cocktail tonight is the Fourth of July.
It's half an apple pie blended with Southern Comfort and Coca-Cola served in a Chevy hubcap.
Why don't you just go get us a round of beers? Of course.
Here you go.
Sorry.
I will go physically pick those up, I guess, and then walk them back here with my feet.
But just so you know, I will be here all night watching everything that you order.
So, Ellie, baby, brainstorm.
We should get a house.
Me, you, Tahani, Jason we should all go in together on a place.
- Roomies.
- Roomies! That is technically an idea.
I think it would be supes fun.
We could play pranks on each other for my vlog.
No.
We could do one of those ice bucket challenges - that I sent you.
- I don't think so.
Or maybe just a Harlem shake? I like to cook, - and I have been dying to - Please stop.
- Experiment with Jamaican food, man.
- Please stop now.
I like Jamaican food.
Listen to the reggae, and smoke the joints.
That's a Jamaican accent.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
- Hey, how's it going? - Not good, Michael.
I don't have my powers.
I can't summon things.
Dictionary.
Spaghetti.
Jet Ski.
Giraffe.
Gah! Look what I've been reduced to.
Humans only live 80 years, and they spend so much of it just waiting for things to be over.
I'm all out of sorts down here too.
I'm bad at lying now.
That used to be my thing.
And every part of my body is either too dry or too wet.
It's worse for me, man.
Ever since we walked through that portal, my knowledge has stopped updating.
The instant before we left, a man in Caracas, Venezuela, named Raul Benitez was eating a ham sandwich.
Did he finish it? I don't know, and it's making me crazy.
I got to find him.
Janet, focus on the mission! We have to get Trevor away from the humans.
I am so glad you came out with us, man.
I just assumed you would think it's unprofessional to be friends with the subjects of your study.
No, I never thought that.
I mean, I-I kind of do now.
Should I not be socializing? I'm sure it's fine.
I mean, how much harm could it possibly do? Good point.
Such a good point that I'm gonna go think about how good a point that is over there by myself for several minutes.
Excuse me.
Hey, El train, you think with all these new "Star Wars" movies they'll finally make a new "Spaceballs"? I'm sorry, I'm getting a text and I have to take this.
Okay, everybody, here are your beers.
And here is yours.
Oh, no, oh.
I guess you should go to the bathroom or maybe go home and never come back.
No worries, I made extra sweatshirts.
Besides, we're having too much fun to leave.
Hey, speaking of fun, I know this super fun drinking game we can play.
Every time one of you says something that the other can't relate to, you both drink.
Could be fun.
I once played a drinking game with Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively at their macrobiotic farm with a particularly robust batch of homemade kombucha.
Do I have to drink for every word I don't know? Up to you.
Just drink.
Hey, what happened with Chidi, and where's Eleanor? This this is all moving too fast.
Can we just take Trevor out? I don't know if he can die, but I could drop a steamroller on his head.
Oh, darn it, I can't summon things.
I guess I could kick him with my soft feet.
Earth sucks.
You stay on Trevor, keep interfering with his plan.
All right, and I'm going to do my librarian act and nudge Chidi back to the table.
- Uh, yummy.
- Yay! You gotta relax, man.
You're off the clock.
It's just a simple drink with friends - at the world's worst restaurant.
- No, but Trevor's right.
I might skew the study by fraternizing with the subjects.
We can be colleagues.
Associates is pushing it.
And by even having this conversation, you're becoming my confidante.
- I can't have that.
- Jeez.
Kind of thought that before everyone else showed up, you and I were, like, becoming actual friends.
Oh, no.
You're right.
What have I done? Okay, okay, I-I-I'm gonna go to the bar and get you a hot tea.
- Okay.
- Or a regular temperature Xanax.
Try not to fall apart.
Professor Anagonye? Oh, yeah, I thought I recognized you.
It's me, the librarian from the library.
Oh, right, hi, sorry.
Uh, I was just kind of in the middle of something here.
Well, maybe I can help.
You know what I like to do in situations like these? I haven't told you anything about what I'm going through.
Do that first, then I'll tell you what I do in situations such as the one you're about to describe.
I've been in every situation because I'm a librarian.
Hit me.
Go ahead.
Mm.
Ah, la-la-la-la.
Mm, I'm tired.
Does anybody want a gallon of water to sober up? No thanks, sweetheart.
I just called a car for these two lovebirds, so why don't you just bring us the check? Oh, and you should smile more.
You'll get bigger tips.
Gosh, you're pretty.
No, you're pretty.
Pretty beautiful.
If you ask me, Chidi, you need to get back over there, you know, spend time with the team.
Though, we do have a saying in the library game.
Um, there's only room for one male subject in an academic study, so keep the one who got there first.
Catchy.
Got to go now.
The closest thing I could find to herbal tea was a root beer I had them throw in the microwave.
You know what? Don't drink that.
I think I'm just gonna head home.
But you can go and spend time with the others.
Yeah, man, that's not really what I signed up for.
I mean, Tahani is eh, but Jason, woof, and Trevor, blegh.
They're not the reason I flew all the way from Arizona.
You are.
I'm sorry, but this is just how it has to be.
I'll, uh, I'll see you tomorrow.
Hey, E dog, get over here! It's trivia night! The first round questions are all about Logan Paul, and you know I'm Logang for life.
Go put your head up your own butt.
- What? - What? What? Oh, don't you buttnecks ever give up? No, and what are you even doing in a bathroom? You're a demon.
You don't need it.
I like the smells.
And I like putting my hands in the toilet so everything I touch gets a little bit of poop on it.
Hey, you guys see what I did out there? I am so good, I got Eleanor to leave a bar early.
Chidi's melting down.
Jason and Tahani just left together.
If they hook up, she's on the first private jet out of here.
This was too easy.
It's gonna take a lot more than that to break up this group.
Why don't you give up, Trevor? As long as we're here, you'll never succeed.
Maybe, but how long will that take? I mean, at some point, the judge will find out that you're not in your little room watching ticker tape.
Right? Tick, tick, tick, tick.
But, hey, may the worst demon win.
Good luck, Mikey.
Ah, poop hands! I can't believe you fell for that.
Are you all right? You didn't sleep at all last night.
I got a solid eight minutes, not consecutively, but still.
It's fine.
You're not even that blurry.
You gotta take it easy, man.
I mean, you're not sleeping.
Your eye's twitching.
This study has to be airtight.
And this ethical question of friendship with the subjects is weighing on me.
I've done a million of these things.
I promise I'll warn you if you cross any lines.
I don't want to come anywhere near those lines.
I have been waiting my entire career for the right thesis, and I am not going to blow it.
I have to keep this professional.
Fine, but you need to get some rest.
This morning, you bit into a raw egg like it was an apple.
I thought it was hard-boiled.
Yeah, but still, the shell.
This is the best secret-friend handshake, bro.
And it goes Attention, everyone.
Do not look at me.
Oh, I don't don't know what to do.
I am both overhung and humiliated by my uncouth comportment last night.
Please accept these formal letters of apology.
Further apologies for their appearance.
I just couldn't find a proper calligrapher at 5:00 in the morning.
So, what happened to you two lovebirds last night, huh? Frankly, it is none of your business.
Oh, sorry.
Jason was a perfect gentleman last night.
Thank you so much for getting me home safely.
I wouldn't blame you should you ostracize me for my boorish behavior.
You weren't boring.
You were fun.
Crazy story after you got into the cab, I forgot where I lived, but then I looked across the street, and there was a motel, and behind that, there was a dumpster.
I slept in a dumpster.
- Jason.
- No, no, no, it was fine.
And it was super fun getting to know you.
You're the fanciest person I know, next to my friend Ronnie, who drives a limo.
He's in limos all the time.
Oh, what a life.
All right, as soon as Eleanor gets here, we'll begin.
Bad news, prof.
Eleanor might not be coming.
She bailed right after you did last night.
Seemed like she was having second thoughts about being part of the Brainy Bunch, so.
Oh, well, that's disappointing in in in terms of how it affects the study.
But we press on, like professionals.
Hey, do you think I should Yeah, and I already called you a car, because you should not drive.
It's outside.
Thanks.
Where's outside? Hey, man.
Are you okay? Sorry, uh, literally one second ago, I was at the front desk.
I don't know where I got this.
Anyway, are you coming to class? Uh I just don't think the group thing is for me.
I'm better when it's one-on-one and we're both looking at our phones and I don't know the other person and we don't talk.
I might just head back to Arizona.
Listen.
My whole life has been a-a torture chamber of indecision, and now I'm finally on the path to understanding why, and the only reason that's happening is because you walked into my office, and you said you wanted to be a better person.
That was really brave.
Now, I know we barely know each other, but, please, could you give me three months? Can you give me three months? I am I am asking you as a friend.
See, I just told you I don't like talking.
That whole thing could have been sent in a text that I pretended I never saw.
Fine, you did good at talking.
I'll come back to class.
Come in.
No? - I'm gonna drive you back.
- Okay.
Hey, Dick Tracy called.
Said that I was right about Eleanor and Chidi having an unbreakable bond.
I don't think you understand how that joke works.
Yeah, that doesn't matter.
We won.
That's the point.
You won squat.
We're gonna get 'em eventually.
I'll just keep chipping away till one of 'em bails.
These four humans are all I care about in the universe, and there is nothing I mean nothing that's gonna come between me Oh, cool, you're all together.
The judge wants to see you.
Now? Right now? Um, like, all of us, or Yep.
So, this is Earth, huh? Whoo, that's pretty cool.
Michael, how many times did I say you could go down to Earth? Actually, you weren't 100% explicit.
One time.
I said you could go down there, save their lives, start the new timeline, and then come back here to observe them.
One time! Is what I said.
Uno.
One.
Your Honor, I have to say, I support you one-hundo percent.
I mean, what Michael did is unbelievable.
Now, granted, I also tricked the doorman and snuck down to Earth, but what are we gonna do Do you realize what you did? You meddled in human affairs.
That ripples out, man.
Do you know how much weird stuff has happened because of your little experiment? England left Europe.
That Hugh Jackman musical about P.
T.
Barnum? It made, like, $400 million.
Also, the Jacksonville Jaguars are good now.
Impossible.
I'm serious.
They're gonna make the playoffs.
Blake Bortles is kind of okay, maybe.
I don't know.
It's being debated amongst experts.
It's confusing.
But whatever it is, it's your fault! Your experiment with the humans is over.
Are you gonna kill them? No! But starting now, there is no more monitoring them.
They're just regular humans that need to hit the regular point threshold to see if they make it into the Good Place.
- Hmm.
- And if they don't And right now, the two of you are going back to the Bad Place.
But they'll retire Michael, and I'll be marbleized.
Well, maybe you should have thought about that before you intervened in human affairs.
I mean, because of you, Byron Allen owns The Weather Channel now.
Is is that bad? I don't know, but it's weird, man.
Now come with me.
Hey, my powers are back online.
This must be everything I tried to summon on Earth.
- Stop it.
- I don't think I can.
I'm like a printer when the print queue suddenly starts processing all the unprinted documents.
Oh, man.
Buckle up, folks.
Let's go, right now.
Janet, make it stop! Janet, stop it.
Janet, this is annoying.
Janet.
Good luck, frog man.
Pulling for ya.
Janet, I know you're still there! Ugh, oh.
They escaped.
Yeah, thanks, Jeff.
[suspenseful music] [door whooshes] Okay.
That was an insane thing for us to do.
Oh! Okay, good news.
I have The Doorman's key, so no one will be able to come after us.
- Let's just try to - [telephone ringing noise] [ringing] Your key is ringing.
[electrical warbling] I have a question for you.
Are you out of your damn mind? Your Honor, look at it from my point of view.
I have never been this angry in my life, which is the age of the universe! I understand, but saving the souls of these four humans is more important, so we're not coming back until we do.
Oh, don't you even try coming back here, because when you walk through that door, I am gonna be waiting for you.
Sorry, Judge, I think you're breaking up.
That's impossible.
It's a magical key, you dick.
What are you doing? I can see you.
- [door shuts] - This is perfect.
We're right near Chidi's office, and as far as I can tell, the whole floor is abandoned.
What do they use it for? Storage? No, this is the journalism department.
Huh, bad for the world, good for us.
So somehow, with none of our powers, we have to keep the group intact and monitor their ethical progress.
[jaunty music] - So how how do we do that? - Not sure.
There's no way to track people's actual point totals.
Only the Accountants have that information.
But I did install cameras and microphones, so at least we can keep our eye on them.
- Let's get peeping! - Oh! Oh, no.
Not a great start.
Eleanor farted, and then she blamed it on her chair.
That's gonna cost her at least a few points.
There's a bolt missing, or something.
Before we begin, Trevor is dropping out of the study.
He sent me an email last night.
"I'm sad to inform you that I am too ugly and stupid to be in the study and I'm going home to my mommy.
" That was me.
I wrote that email.
It's too bad, but we press on.
We're on to Stage Two of the study.
I'm going to teach you some philosophical principles, and then, we will explore how those ideas have affected your personal moral machineries.
[soft fart] Sorry, Eleanor, did you say something? No, it's my chair.
It's got this weird design.
- Your chair smells bad.
- I know.
See, another person who agrees it's the chair.
Great news, everyone.
The funding from the neuroscience department - came through.
- Oh! And you blew it all on cupcakes? Exactly what I would have done.
Respect.
- Eleanor? - Uh, I'm good.
I try to avoid pointless group activities, you know? Like office Christmas parties or jury duty.
To me, the single most awful sound in the universe is that mangled opening note of your co-worker singing "Happy Birthday.
" Cool stance.
Counterpoint: these are delicious, free cupcakes.
- Get over yourself and eat one.
- Fine.
Oh, you guys, let's take a picture.
Everyone, get in, get in, and say, uh oh, say "ventromedial pre-frontal cortex.
" [all stammering] Ventromedial pre-frontal Jaguars rule! [soft dramatic music] Hey, teach, I've been having so much fun here, but I didn't plan to stay in Australia this long, and I'm super broke.
Any idea where I can get a part-time gig? What kind of work are you looking for? Well, I'm really good at telemarketing.
I can usually guess how long to microwave food without looking at the box.
I'd say those are my two main skills.
- Okay.
- Dang it.
I'll see what I can do.
If Eleanor has to get a job, she'll miss class, and that will slow down her progress.
Are you sure we should be doing this? It kind of feels like cheating.
No, no, no.
It's it's not cheating.
Think of us as a snowplow, clearing a path for Eleanor so she can more easily drive along the road of improvement.
Ooh, I love that.
You really painted a picture there.
G'day.
How can I help you? One scratch-off lottery ticket, please.
Oh, not that one.
Keep going.
Keep going, keep going.
These tickets were printed before we got down here.
I know which ones are the winners.
And stop, that's the one.
Good old lucky number 186 from the bottom.
Here you go.
Also, that bathroom key that you lost nine months ago slid under the register, and the woman that you think is your aunt is actually your mom.
Okay, bye.
You guys, this is nuts.
This morning, I found a lottery ticket on the ground outside my apartment, I scratched it off, and I won $18,000! - Wow! - That's amazing! Better luck next time.
Yes, sorry, from context, I see that is actually a large sum of money.
[pop] Jason? Are you okay there, mate? No.
I have to watch the Jaguars games alone on my computer at like, 3:00 in the morning on Mondays.
It's so annoying.
Everything here is in a I don't know how to describe it.
Like, a different zone of time.
No, that sounds stupid.
A different clock land.
I'll watch the game with you, Jason.
I enjoy American football.
I actually dated a player once.
But he wasn't my type, so I set him up with my friend, Gisele Bundchen.
Yeah, we got it.
We always get it.
Awesome, but if you want to watch with me, you have to learn my Jaguars cheer.
It goes: "Let's go Jags.
Kick their ass, yeah!" Do you think you could learn that by the weekend? - I shall do my best.
- Nice, see you then.
Why do you want to watch football with Jason? I don't, really, but I am, these days, as you might say in America, mad horny.
- Oh, okay.
- Oh, boy.
Well, no judgments, babe.
He's a straight hottie.
You want to smash Jason, go smash.
Tahani getting together with Jason, even casually, could tear this group apart.
We have to nip this in the bud.
Well, it makes me slightly uneasy to interfere in the personal life of the man that I'm secretly in love with, and a woman I admire, but if you think we should, I I'm not going to argue.
Time to break out the old snowplow again, Janet.
Let's find Tahani a loving, supportive companion.
- Great idea.
- Oh, you know? This is not as crucial to the mission, but I'd also love to arrange for them to get better computers.
Help them work faster.
If I'm going to the mall anyway, I might as well pick Jason up some jean shorts.
The kind with the frayed edges where you can see the pockets coming out of the bottom.
So that he can study better.
Sure.
[soft whimsical music] [indistinct chatter] Tahani, is that you? Larry Hemsworth? My goodness.
That's so funny, I just got a call from the restaurant about a jacket I left here, and now, here you are.
[both laugh] I can't believe you remember me.
Of course I remember you.
We dated.
I know, I just never expect anyone to remember me.
Because I'm only 6'4" and I have one of those forgettable faces.
Well, uh, I'm sure you're busy.
Probably don't want to talk to me.
I get it, I wouldn't either.
I'm as dull as a rock.
Ugh, even that analogy was boring.
I'm sorry, I'm so dull, and I'm ugly.
I'm like a rock.
Ugh, stupid Larry! - Stop talking about rocks! - No, no, no, Larry, please.
It's lovely to see you.
Sit down, let's catch up.
How are Chris and Liam and Luke? - [sighs] - Sorry, no, I won't mention your brothers again.
As long as you don't mention my sister.
Oh! [both laugh] Mmm-mm.
Who are you? Do you work here? Your name is Montgomery Wycoff.
Your ex-wife, Samantha, still loves you, but she's afraid to call.
You must show her your poetry.
Go to her.
Go to her! [soft whimsical music] Looks like you had a good night.
- I did.
- You and Jason.
Imagine that.
To be fair, I have.
Actually, I was with an ex-boyfriend.
I ran into him unexpectedly.
The reunion was a smash-ing success.
It was a pun, you see.
The we had intercourse.
- Yeah, again, I always get it.
- I do feel bad, though.
I completely forgot about watching the game with Jason.
Homies, guess what? Yesterday, I got a Facebook invite to the Australia chapter of the Jacksonville Jaguars fan club! Yeah, I think he's over it.
Me and two other dudes just watched the Jags annihilate the Texans! It was super fun! I'm completely wasted.
I got to go barf one last time, and then I'll be ready to learn philosophy! Dude! [yells] Okay, not perfect, but the pros outweigh the cons.
Agreed.
[soft whimsical music] [together] Happy birthday dear Chidi You guys, this whole year has been amazing for all of us.
I mean, literally every aspect of our lives has improved.
Well, I don't know about every aspect.
SuperBoard, activate! Good morning, professor Anagonye.
I have your lesson plan ready to go.
SuperBoard, some triumphant announcement music, please.
[triumphant announcement music] Last night, Larry Hemsworth proposed to me, and we're moving back to London to begin planning the wedding.
- Whoa! - Holy smokes! Janet, red alert.
All snowplowing has to stop immediately.
So don't give Blake Bear-tles to Jason? How are you even lugging this thing around? I'm not sure I could bench this much weight.
Well, girls in my social class begin ring training at a very young age.
Oh, I'm throwing a little engagement party tonight at my AirBnB.
It's very last-minute.
Just come as you are.
[elegant string music] I guess all these people came as they were? Hello, everyone.
I'm so glad you made it.
Holy crap, Tahani.
You found this place on AirBnB? Oh, no.
I see why you're confused.
I used "HeirBnB.
" H-E-I-R.
It's an app for heirs and heiresses where we swap mansions, private islands, blimp hangars, that sort of thing.
Anyway, everyone, I want you to meet Larry Hemsworth.
Oh, the legendary study group.
I'm sorry it's taken me so long to build up the courage to meet you.
I guess you can see why.
Is he ashamed at having a perfect jaw line, and 0% body fat? Still can't believe she wants to marry me.
A dumb old pediatric surgeon who barely has an 8-pack.
Do you know what you look like? More importantly, did Miley Cyrus write the song "Wrecking Ball" about Chris's brother, Liam? Wonderful.
More questions about my talented brothers.
God forbid there's a single day when I'm the special one.
No, sweetheart, don't go.
You're important, too! Fixing babies' spines is just as valuable as acting.
Tahani booked a flight for tomorrow morning, so this party is our only chance to talk them out of moving.
Maybe we should just let them go their separate ways, and hope that they learned enough to get into the Good Place.
No, we know what'll happen.
The group splits up, they're screwed, no.
We have to isolate Larry, and convince him that he needs to stay in Australia.
Time to get into character as [Australian accent] Nathaniel Cookswell, mate.
- Caterer to the stars! - Ah.
Maybe no accent.
[normal voice] Fine.
Vegemite canap? Ah, might as well.
[sighs] Mummy was right.
I'll always be the chubby one.
[Australian accent] Good day, mate! Nathaniel Cookswell.
- Caterer to the stars.
- Mm.
Is it true you're moving to England? - Yeah, I fly out tomorrow.
- Oh, ooh, that's a long trip.
Boy, you must be a confident man.
Uprooting your life like that.
You should stay here in Sydney.
It's such a dynamic, international city that you've only seen 4.
8% of.
Probably.
I reckon I know what's going on here.
You aren't real caterers, are you? - Uh uh uh - [exhaling] Who do you work for? "Australian Inquirer"? TM-Zed? You just want us to stay here so you can keep mocking me.
The hideous shame of the Hemsworth family.
- Oh.
- Tahani sees through all that.
And I can't wait until we move far away from the likes of you, and I can finally take her last name.
Hate to say it, but the group probably needs a new member.
I don't know how we'll ever replace Tahani.
Do you think Margot Robbie is into philosophy? Actually, Tahani's announcement made us take stock.
You know, Simone and I need time to analyze the data, apply for grants.
We've kind of hit a natural stopping point.
Yeah, and the next step would be to repeat the experiment with new subjects, you know, compare results.
Wait, what are you saying? That the study's over? We're splitting up? No, no, no, we're just taking a break, for a year or so.
And I'm sure you're all anxious to get back home.
Yeah, I got a lot of stuff to get back to in Phoenix.
Like I have a free punch card at my spray tan place.
They'll do my left side for free, so.
[somber music] No, no, no, no, no! The whole group is splintering.
Okay, new emergency plan.
I'll deal with Eleanor.
I I know it's risky, but I don't think she'll recognize me.
And I'll deal with Sweet Cheeks I mean, Jason's butt I mean, Jason.
[scoffs] [suspenseful music] - Shrimp? - Always.
So how do you know Miss Al-Jamil? You work with her at the university? Used to.
That study is done-zo.
I was finally starting to figure things out, and now, I have to start over from scratch, again.
Boy, I know how that goes, not wanting something to end, feeling like your little team is the last thing standing between you and oblivion, that at any moment, the universe could fold up around you, and squeeze the last breath from your dying lungs.
You're a caterer, right? It's a very competitive industry.
The point is, I bet that if the study means that much to you, it means a lot to everyone else.
You're all just probably waiting for someone to say it out loud.
You want some cocktail sauce with that? [clinking glass] I would like to acknowledge the wonderful group of people who brought me here.
If I hadn't decided to get out of the spotlight of my "Get Out of the Spotlight" tour, and come here, and joined the Brainy Bunch, I never would have reconnected with Larry.
[crowd aww's] So, to celebrate our group, I had my favorite patissier whip this up.
[soft giggle] Would any of you like to say a few words? Eleanor! - [crowd applauds] - Yay, Eleanor.
If nobody minds.
Uh, I would like to address the people on this cake, I suppose.
I get that we all have meaningful lives outside this study.
Well, Tahani and Chidi do.
Jason and I are straight trash.
[caws] But just, I mean, think about how much progress we've all made since that picture was taken.
I know that what we're doing is important, and I'm not ready to stop.
And I don't think you guys are, either.
So let's all stay here and keep it going.
What do you say? Eleanor, that was absolutely lovely.
It really was, and I'm I'm so glad that this study meant that much to you.
- But, realistically - That's cool, I get it.
No, you don't need to say it.
I I got it.
- That's all she wrote, cool.
- Are you okay? - I hope you're not mad.
- No, I'm not mad.
I'm actually laughing, because this whole study was a hilarious, stupid, pointless joke, and now it's over, so let's hit the road.
I don't need you guys.
You don't need me.
And since you don't need me, I'm just going to take the "me" out of this cake.
- No, no.
- [all gasp] Eleanor, please! [mocking accent] Oh, sorry, the deed is done.
Pip pip, too late.
Farewell to you, my liege.
And a jolly good Saint Ploopington's Day to all of you.
[normal voice] USA! USA! USA! [soft whimsical music] Eleanor? Is that you? No.
I called a cab like, 20 minutes ago.
It says it's ten kilometers away, which is I don't even know how far.
It's a little over six miles.
Is that why you came out here? To scold me about the metric system? No, I was about to call a cab myself.
I have an early class tomorrow.
Then, I saw my friend hiding behind a plant, and I got concerned.
Then, my friend lashed out at me again, so I'm gonna take off, and uh, leave her here with dirty leaves in her hair.
Wait, wait, wait-wait-wait.
- Wait-wait, I'm sorry.
- [bottle clanks] I'm sorry.
Don't go.
You're a brain scientist.
Can you tell me why I did that in there? I mostly do clinical research in neuroscience.
I don't really specialize in temper tantrums.
Maybe you need a child psychologist.
Or a binky.
That's a solid burn.
I deserved it, I did.
But please, can you help me? Why did I do that? Okay, here's my guess.
As humans evolved, the first big problem we had to overcome was "me versus us.
" Learning to sacrifice a little individual freedom for the benefit of a group.
You know, like sharing food and resources so we don't starve or get eaten by tigers, things like that.
Okay, with you so far.
The next problem to overcome was "us versus them," trying to see other groups different from ours as equals.
That one, we're still struggling with.
That's why we have racism and nationalism and why fans of Stone Cold Steve Austin hate fans of The Rock.
No, we hate The Rock because he went Hollywood, and Stone Cold keeps it real, so The Rock's fans are the real jabronis.
Point made.
Keep going.
Well, what's interesting about you is I don't think you ever got past the "me versus us" stage.
I mean, have you ever been part of a group that you really cared about? - I was in the Girl Scouts.
- Really? Technically, I joined under a fake name because I wanted to steal a bunch of cookies.
See, the Brainy Bunch is basically the first group that became part of your self-identity.
And now that's breaking up, you're feeling this new kind of loss, and you're scared of going back to being alone.
I mean, that's just my guess.
The other possible medical diagnosis is that you're just a bit of a dick.
[both laugh] [bright music] Why don't you take my cab? I think me needs to go apologize to us.
And thank you.
[exhales] The point is, I'm not really an "I'm sorry" type girl.
I'm more of a "it's your fault your car got keyed "in the movie theatre parking lot because you wouldn't shut up while watching 'John Wick'" type girl.
But I'm sorry that I freaked out.
I'm just really going to miss you guys.
- We're going to miss you, too.
- Here's an idea.
What if we all agree to a yearly reunion? And then that way, the Brainy Bunch never dies.
Each summer, we can all stay in one of our respective houses, mega-yachts, ski chalets, what have you.
We should all meet up in Jacksonville.
My house is right on the water.
It didn't used to be, but the whole city is a swamp, and it's sinking into the ocean.
Whoo, strong pitch, bud.
Next year in Jacksonville.
Yeah.
Uh, we might not want to wait a whole year.
It's sinking really fast.
- We should have a toast.
- [exhales] Okay, I think I've figured out a plan where they stay in Australia, and only five random bystanders get hurt.
- It's called arson.
Let's go.
- [torch clicks, whooshes] Michael, no.
We can't keep meddling forever.
It's time to park the snowplow and trust that the humans will make progress on their own.
This isn't like your afterlife neighborhood, Michael.
You can't just reset things the moment something doesn't go according to your plan.
Oh, Janet.
You're a genius.
Correct.
I know everything.
You just gave me this crazy idea.
It's so crazy, it just might fail.
It'll probably fail, but it also might work.
I open the door to the afterlife.
You keep a lookout, while I break into the Judge's chamber, and reset the timeline on Earth.
And we do it all over again, but correctly.
We won't wait a year to get them all together again.
We'll get the study going right away.
Do you even know how to reset the timeline on Earth? No, I'm assuming that there's, you know, a knob, or or a button, or you know, maybe you maybe you unplug it and then plug it right back in.
I I don't ca there's got to be a way.
- Michael, before you do this - No, no more waiting! This is all we have, Janet! We have Chidi and Eleanor and Tahani and Jason, and that is it.
If we can't get them enough afterlife points to get them into the Good Place, then there's no point in us even being here.
We have to try.
Okay.
Let's do this.
Okay.
[electrical warbling] What the hell is that? Oh.
[chuckles] Hey guys.
What are you doing down here?
What the hell is that? Oh! Hey, guys! What are you doing down here? Well, we came to get more champagne, which is right behind that magic door.
[door slams] What door? Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What's going on? Who are you, and why were you talking about us? What's the Good Place? And what are afterlife points? And who has the most? And is it me? Wait a second, I know this guy.
You're Zach Pizzazz.
He got me here from Jacksonville.
No, this is the librarian from the university.
Well, I know him as Gordon Indigo, a very rude Silicon Valley investor.
All right, guys.
I can explain everything.
Just give me one second, okay? How do we get out of this? Well, they heard us explaining the entire system of the afterlife, and they saw an inter-dimensional door open and close, so not a ton of wiggle room here.
But you're forgetting one, crucial piece of information Right? You're forgetting one crucial piece of information that'll save us.
Yo! Buddy, you have, like, three seconds to explain this crazy space door, or Chidi here is gonna beat you up.
Oh, no, I'm I'm not.
But I would like to know about the space door.
All right, I don't know what choice we have.
I'll tell you the truth.
My name is Special Agent Rick Justice, and this is Lisa Frenchy-Fuqua.
We're with the FBI.
And all of you are in grave danger.
[suspenseful music] I knew it.
Agent Fuqua and I are paranormal investigators.
We're here to protect you from demons.
No, wait, that's real.
Uh, ghouls, ghouls We're here to protect you from ghouls.
Now, I had to appear in different disguises to keep tabs on you.
But you are all involved together in this FBI case.
- [snorts] - No, we we can prove this.
We have detailed files on all of you.
Ask Janet anything.
Who's Janet? Frenchy.
Sorry Frenchy's nickname is Janet.
I thought her nickname was Frenchy.
It is.
That's why they call her, - Lisa "Double Nickname" Fuqua.
- Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Guys, I used to work at a place that was raided by the FBI pretty frequently.
I know a Fed when I see one.
And these two jamokes are not FBI, okay? Who are you really? All right, all right, fine.
Just give me one more second.
One.
- Serious question - Yeah.
- Should we kill them? - What? It might work! We kill them, go back through the door, somehow grab them before they get to the Bad Place, and regroup from there.
I could kill them right now.
You know, it would be easy.
Their bodies are very poorly made.
They're mostly goo and juice.
You just take the juice out, and then they're dead.
Michael, they've seen through the door into the afterlife, and they heard how it works.
[sighs] It's over.
[solemn music] Ah.
Fine.
I guess I'll start at the beginning.
You all died.
Well, this sucks.
So, to sum up there is a heaven and hell.
We've been to hell, and now, no matter how good we are, for the rest of our lives, we're going back to hell? Again, it's not the classic Christian hell, but that's the gist, yes.
As soon as you learned about the afterlife, your motivation to be good was corrupted.
So you can't earn points anymore.
So sorry for eternally dooming you.
And that's our bad, guys.
So all the attempts you made to torture us we must have been in the afterlife for 100 years.
Almost 300, actually.
Well, how is it possible that all these things happened to us but no time passed on Earth? Did you go back in time to save us? Uh, I didn't have to because of Jeremy Bearimy.
Who's Jeremy Bearimy? Okay.
Things in the afterlife don't happen while things are happening here, because while time on Earth moves in a straight line one thing happens, then the next, then the next time in the afterlife moves in a "Jeremy Bearimy.
" What? In the afterlife, time doubles back and loops around and ends up looking something like "Jeremy Bearimy.
" This is the timeline in the afterlife.
Happens to kind of look like the name "Jeremy Bearimy" in cursive English, so that's what we call it.
Sorry.
I'm my brain is melting.
How can events happen before the ones that happened before? It's just the way it works.
It's it's Jeremy Bearimy.
I don't know what to tell you.
That's the easiest way to describe it.
Okay, but, um what the hell is this? The dot over the I what the hell is that? Okay, um, how do I explain this concisely? This is Tuesdays and also July.
- And sometimes it's never.
- That's true.
Occasionally that moment on the Bearimy timeline is the time-moment when nothing never occurs.
So you get it.
This broke me! The dot, over the I, that broke me.
I'm I'm done.
You know what? I'm glad this whole thing happened, because now I can go back to living my life the way I used to only caring about myself because being good is pointless.
No, no.
Please, Eleanor No, thank you.
I'm outtie.
See you in hell.
[gasps] You know what I just realized? I always say that when leaving a room, but right now it's accurate.
I will literally see all of you in hell.
- Not if I see you first.
- Let's go, Jason.
No, no look, look, you guys, this is not over.
We have to stay together! Look, we'll figure something out! Like, just one idea I had I could kill all of you.
That's my birthday.
Hey, buddy.
[clears throat] It's my birthday.
One free margarita, please.
Happy birthday! Can I just see some I.
D.
? - No.
- Why not? Well, because it's not really my birthday.
I just want a free margarita.
Well, if I just randomly gave you a free drink, I'd have to do it for everyone.
Pretty soon I'd go out of business.
[laughs] Then don't do it for everyone.
Just do it for me because it's my birthday.
Happy birthday.
[indistinct chatter] Jason, I have an idea.
But it's a little risky.
I need you to act as my bodyguard like my friend, Kevin Costner, in that movie where he was a bodyguard "The Bodyguard.
" No problem my cousin once hired me to do crowd control for his off-brand SeaWorld.
Well, technically, it was just a bunch of kiddie pools full of jellyfish, and instead of a killer whale, they killed a whale.
Excuse me, miss.
we'd like to buy one opera, please.
Uh, what he means is I would like to give $2 million to the Sydney Opera.
Ms.
Al-Jamil, this is so generous.
With a donation of that size, we will dedicate a rehearsal hall in your honor.
Thank you, but, no.
Lovely as it sounds to add to my collection of wings and atria, the gift will be anonymous.
As you wish.
I'll draw up the papers.
Why don't you want your name on the opera house? I love getting my name on stuff.
In Jacksonville, I got a flu virus named after me 'cause I kissed a bat on a dare.
Well, I was thinking about why I was sent to hell, as one is wont to do when one has recently been told that one had been sent to hell, and it occurred to me, I have always been held captive by my desire for attention.
Now that I know how it all ends, I just want to be virtuous for virtue's sake.
That's beautiful.
I got to say, though, if you want to do more charity, I know a way that could be a lot of fun.
[chuckles] [gentle music] Hey, you want to talk to God? "God is dead.
"God remains dead, and we have killed him.
"Who will wipe this blood off us? "What festivals of atonement, what sacred games shall we have to invent?" Friedrich Nietzsche, 1882.
I was just trying to sell you some drugs, and you made it weird! [sprinklers hissing] I've never written a manifesto before.
What are you gonna say? It will be a complete account of everything we've learned.
from the beginning of my neighborhood to right now and then a recommendation of how we feel the afterlife could be improved.
When we turn ourselves in, we'll give it to the judge.
Hopefully she'll read it.
We failed, Janet.
But maybe one day, someone else will succeed.
Okay.
So A man i fes to.
by mi Where's the H? This keyboard doesn't have an H.
- Well - Oh, whoa, whoa, wait.
Wait, I see it, I see it! - [seethes] - [laughing] Look what I did! - Yeah.
- I wrote, "Micahel"! [laughing] Oh, that's Okay.
Back, back, back, back, back.
Maybe you should dictate, and I should type.
[keys clacking rapidly] Good call.
Just laying out some early details.
Go ahead and start dictating.
Look, there have to be rules.
Every place has rules.
Ugh, fine.
Here are my rules.
Rule number one I get to do whatever I want, and you all just have to deal with it.
Rule two no more Spider-Man movies.
There's way too many Spider-Man movies! Too many dorky little twerpy Spider-Men.
[slurps] Rule three everyone leave me alone.
So you just take care of yourself.
You don't owe anything to anyone else? [scoffs] If people lived that way, society would break down.
Yeah, in America, everyone does whatever they want.
Society did break down.
It's terrible, and it's great.
You only look out for number one, scream at whoever disagrees with you.
There are no bees because they all died, and if you need surgery, you just beg for money on the Internet.
It's a perfect system.
Now get me another drink.
Tomorrow's my birthday.
Well, well, well a wallet.
[inhales deeply] My rules say I get to take the cash out and keep it, because in my society, I do whatever I want, 'cause I'm awesome.
Just take it.
Take it, Eleanor.
Just Ugh! All right, this is the address on the license.
That'll be 58 bucks.
Keep the meter running as soon as I'm done here, I'm gonna head to the airport and get the hell out of this trash country, where everyone is either a criminal or a spider.
Hello, ma'am.
Is there a Fred Booth here? I found his wallet, and now I'm doing a nice thing and returning it because I suck.
Sorry, he moved.
I can give you his new address if you'd like.
Actually, I have some of his mail.
If you're gonna go see him, could you bring it along? Of course.
I would love to bring some rando his mail.
Anything else you want me to schlep over? Well, this awesome day gets awesomer.
Before the airport, we're heading to 78 Palmer Street.
Ha! That's right next to the bar where I picked you up! I feel like a bloody boomerang! - [laughing] - Of course you do! [laughs mockingly] [pensive music] - Uh - Hello.
Sir, you, uh, can't shop here without a shirt.
Oh Sir, that'll be $880.
Here's my credit card.
Why don't you just charge it and keep it forever? And also, here's the keys to my car.
Wait.
Do you guys have, like, a "take-a-car, leave-a-car" tray? No? Just take it.
Just take it.
Excuse me, sir.
Would you like some free money? Now you can buy fingers for your gloves! Hello, madam.
Are you poor? Here's $5,000 for a new stroller.
Have a nice day! You don't have to say the "are you poor?" part.
Right.
- Hello, here's some money.
- Here you go! - Hello.
- Here you go.
Now you can buy a bigger chin guitar! This was a truly great plan.
Oh, thanks.
Man, there's so many times that just this amount of money would have changed my life.
I could have paid my rent.
I could have gone to a real doctor, instead of pretending I was a big dog so I could go to the vet.
You know, that gives me an idea which I suppose one could argue means that anything could have given me an idea.
Come with me! I'm sorry, Ms.
Al-Jamil, but I just don't feel comfortable processing this request.
- Why not? - Well, it just seems a bit odd to transfer the totality of your account 131 million British pounds to the account of this person a man who is so flagrantly ignoring the "one lollipop per customer" rule.
No, I walked out and back in each time, so I'm different customers.
We're technically supposed to shut down the bank if anyone from Florida even walks in.
Look, all my life, this money has been a weight around my neck like the Heart of the Ocean necklace my friend James Cameron once gave me.
I don't want the money.
My friend Jason does.
I would like to give it to him.
If it's easier, you can just put it on a Game Stop gift card.
That does not make it easier.
I can't help you.
I'm sorry.
G'day Fred, my name is Eleanor Shellstrop.
I have all your crap.
- Thank you.
- And your wallet.
Oh, my goodness! Thank you so much! It was nothing.
Dude, I didn't take your money.
I would never even think of doing that.
No, no, no.
I'm not worried about that.
Ah.
Here it is.
I started a new job a few months ago, and I got really nervous.
So my daughter, Carolyn, drew this for me to make me feel better.
Ah, it's my good-luck charm.
Every time I'm stressed at work now, I just have to look at this, and I feel safe.
A lot of people wouldn't have tried so hard to get this to me.
You are a good person, Eleanor.
I really hope my daughter turns out like you when she grows up.
[chuckles] - Are you all right? - [sniffles] No, you shut up! [cries] Sorry, it's been a weird day.
You put the Peeps in the chili pot And eat them both up You put the Peeps in the chili pot And add the M&Ms You put the Peeps in the chili pot And it makes it taste bad [clears throat] I'm gonna eat all this chili and/or die trying.
Anyone want any? I'm just gonna put it right down here.
Come on.
Dip your paws in my chili.
Scoop your little mittens right in the stew.
Professor, I can see that you're going through something, but exams are next week, so can you teach us anything? All right, nerd.
You want to learn something? I'll teach you something.
I'm gonna teach you the meaning of life.
How do you like them apples? Now, over the last 2,500 years, Western philosophers have formed three main theories on how to live an ethical life.
Now, first off, there's virtue ethics.
Aristotle believed that there were certain virtues of mind and character, like courage or generosity, and you should try to develop yourself in accordance with those virtues.
The gift will be anonymous.
Next, there's consequentialism.
The basis for judgment about whether something is right or wrong stems from the consequences of that action.
How much utility, or good, did it accomplish versus how much pain, or bad.
And finally, there's deontology, the school of thought that there are strict rules and duties that everyone must adhere to in a functioning society.
Being ethical is simply identifying and obeying those duties and following those rules.
But here's the thing, my little chili babies, all three of those theories are hot, stinky cat dookie.
The true meaning of life, the actual ethical system that you should all follow is nihilism.
The world is empty.
There is no point to anything, and you're just gonna die.
So do whatever.
And now I'm gonna eat my marshmallow-candy chili in silence, and you all can jump up your own butts.
Is that gonna be on the test? Yes.
And, no.
And you all get As or Fs.
And there is no test.
And you all failed it, and you all got As.
Who cares? Good-bye.
- [students murmuring] - Good-byyyyye.
Cool lecture.
And cooler shirt.
Feeling all right? - I feel fine.
- Hmm.
I do have a stomachache.
Why do I always have a stomachache? Well, you just ate 50 pounds of chili, bro.
This one's on you.
Look, I know the future seems bleak.
But I have a plan.
Come with me.
No, ah, ah, leave that chili, weirdo.
A complete account of every single thing we've done and learned.
I added all the data we've gathered here on Earth - in chart and in graph form.
- Hmm.
And I added a pretty tasty little recipe for cinnamon rolls made out of pizza dough.
- [chuckles] - Ha! Maybe someone someday can learn from our mistakes.
And enact real change in the process of judging people.
But for now, Janet, old friend, we are going to enjoy our time on Earth before we're retired.
- Hmm.
- So let's get started.
I know it's touristy, but I'd really like to visit a LensCrafters.
Ooh, and I'd like to get bangs.
[gasps] Hey, guys.
It it's really nice to see you.
Um is everything okay other than, you know, everything? We've started to accept our fates.
It's all chili under the bridge.
Oh! Good, you're all here! Big news everyone BOTH: We got - Tacos! - Married! Oh, oh, yeah.
Yeah, we got married.
And then after we got married, we got tacos! Wow! Wow, that's crazy! [whimpering] It's strictly platonic, of course.
We only did it so I could legally give Jason half my money.
We just popped over to the British Embassy and signed the papers.
That's insane, but it's also, like the 11th most insane thing to happen today, so who cares? I need everyone to focus up.
So the four of us the six of us, really, are doomed.
Our fates are sealed.
But I think we have one move left.
We can try.
Try what? Try to do good.
That stupid, little voice in my head told me to do something good today, and it was so annoying, but it also made a dork and his very untalented daughter super happy.
Me trying just a little bit put some good out into the world.
The six of us are not getting into the Good Place.
But there are still people in this world that we care about, so I say we try and help them be good people.
Try and help them get in.
I mean, why not try? It's better than not trying, right? That's a lovely sentiment, Eleanor.
Let's try.
I'm in.
I'm in, too.
I'm gonna remember this day forever because of your dope speech and also because of the great tacos I had and also because I got married and I found out I was going to hell and also I became a hundred-millionaire All right, we get it.
We get it.
It goes without saying that we're in.
Let's say it anyway.
- We're in - We're All right, you go - We're in - We're in [laughing] We're just so excited! We're in! What do you say, bud? You want to join the Soul Squad? Try to save some souls? - Yeah.
I'm in.
- [scoffs] But first, I have to go to the bathroom forever.
There you are, my love.
I was just on my way to the MRI lab.
I thought I heard your voice.
Ready to go to the airport? Start our lives together? Go ahead, Tahani, we're rolling.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's do sophomore year high school.
- Nathan Burlingame.
- Didn't like you.
Huh.
Kylie Mansard.
Thought you were cool but intimidating.
No way.
I thought she was intimidating.
That's why I shoved her into that creek.
Well, after my chili episode, I asked the administration for a one-year sabbatical and, good news, they fired me.
So I am free and easy.
Well, the rest of the Soul Squad is off helping Jason's dad.
Who are we saving? No one from my high school, I will tell you that much.
Well, before we do anything, I have to break things off with Simone.
If I slip up and tell her about the universe, it could doom her for eternity, and I've avoided talking to her for so long, she assumed I had laryngitis, and it went too far, - and now I'm on antibiotics.
- Okay, settle down.
Your moral code means you can't lie, right? You need to just ghost her.
Disappear.
Block her number.
Bonus, anything she left in your apartment now legally belongs to you.
I've done that to dozens of people, and all of them got over it.
Actually, none of your exes have ever gotten over you.
You're damn right they didn't.
I just wish I could end things in a way that I knew wouldn't hurt her.
Bing! I usually appear out of thin air and there would be a pleasant bing sound, but I don't have my powers, so I'm doing my own bings now.
Bing! [laughs] Chidi, what if I could create a virtual reality simulation where you could practice different breakup scenarios? - You can do that? - I think so.
I do know everything about you and Simone and computer programming and virtual reality and artificial intelligence and the human brain and everything else.
I'm kind of a nerd.
I'll start building the simulator now.
Bing! [chuckles] Don't Turn around.
It's embarrassing.
Bing.
[pleasant music] Jacksonville, what up? - Duval! - ALL: Duval! Poor Larry.
But "If you love someone set them free.
" My good friend and yoga pupil Sting, no last initial, told me that.
I can't wait to show you guys all the cool sites in Jacksonville.
Like, that swamp is where me, Pillboi, and Donkey Doug used to stand and try and blind pilots with laser pointers, and Maybe we should do the tour after we, you know, save your father's soul.
Oh, I've been meaning to ask.
Why are you trying to save your father? I've heard you mention your friend Pillboi many times, but you've not mentioned your father once.
What do you mean? I talk about Donkey Doug all the time.
I'm sorry.
The man you call Donkey Doug is your father? Yeah.
The Donkey Doug with whom you tried to blind airline pilots with laser pointers? - Yeah.
- The Donkey Doug who's banned from Disney World for biting Buzz Lightyear? In his defense, he thought it was someone else.
Who? So Michael and I have a plan to save my dad.
My whole life, Donkey Doug was always getting in trouble because of some get-rich-quick scheme.
He sold counterfeit truck nuts.
He created a sport that was a cross between dodgeball and horseshoes and everybody died.
- He glued - This should be easy.
We have plenty of money.
If we just give him money, he'll blow it.
He's gotta feel like he did it himself.
A few years ago, Donkey Doug was very close to getting his electrician's license.
So if we get him to finish the training, he can earn an honest living and be on his way to getting more Good Place points, which is why we're all here.
Okay, let's go save my dad.
- Taxi! - [whistle blows] [rock music blaring] - Ha! - Need help with your bags? Nah, I got it.
[knock at door] - Oh, damn, Jason! - Oh, dude, Donkey Doug! You call him Donkey Doug in person? Me and Jason are cool like that.
I don't think of him as my son.
I think of him as my boy! I mean, I am your boy.
Yeah, but it's more like, "That's my son right there, son.
" But not like, "Son, son.
" But like, "My boy.
" But not like Yes, yes, we get it.
Thank you.
Oh, this is my friend Michael.
Oh, crap.
You look like a cop.
Are you a cop? Because if you are, you have to tell me, and you're not allowed to arrest me for anything you saw before I knew you were a cop.
- I-I'm not a police officer.
- Yeah, Michael's cool.
And this is Tahani, who is my wife, I guess.
Dang, nice pull, son! How about you and me go check out my Jacuzzi and put stuff in each other? Again, I'm his wife.
Wow, that's the first time that line has ever failed.
You must really love him.
Welcome to the family! Come on in! This program knows everything about your personality, Simone's personality, and all human relationships.
It can't tell you exactly what will happen, but it will approximate Simone's reaction to anything you say to her.
Plus, it has Tetris.
[laughs] Hmm, would this work with, say, me and, say, Jason Statham and instead of a caf, it was, say, a room with a futon and a bunch of Red Bull? Why is it that every time a new thing is invented, humans immediately try to use it for porn? - Because we're disgusting.
- Huh.
Eleanor and I will be watching on the monitor.
We'll see what you see.
Put these in your ears.
They'll play a tone that will trick your brain into seeing what I've programmed.
[electronic beeping] Ah Wow, so this is - I'm here.
- Hey, babe.
What did you want to talk about? Go ahead, Chidi, practice what you want to say to her.
Right.
Um Simone, this has been the best year of my life because of you.
Unfortunately, I have come to learn some information, and it means that we have to end this relationship.
- What information? - I - can't say.
- Why not? I-I can't say.
Well, you've either gone crazy, or you're too much of a coward to tell me how you feel.
- Which is it? - I-I can't because of - [sighs] Janet! - Who's Janet? And why are you screaming her name into the sky? You know what? Whatever.
- Good-bye, Chidi.
- No.
No.
No.
Wait [groans] So - that didn't go great.
- I disagree.
I thought it was hilarious.
So, Donkey Doug, Jason told us about your electrician license, and we have a career opportunity for you.
Yo, later for that.
I got a business proposition for you.
Pillboi! - Oh, dip! Jason! - Oh, dip! Pillboi! - Oh, dip! Pillboi! - Oh, dip! Donkey Doug! - Oh, dip! Jason! - This is remarkable.
- It explains so much.
- Oh, dip! Pillboi! Jason, I thought you were dead.
But I was alive.
I was in Australia.
I talked to you on the phone last week.
- Yeah, but I forgot.
- Oh.
Me and Pillboi have been cooking up something real special.
And this time, it's not fake meth.
All right, Pillboi, tell him about our new product.
Sharks, how much do you spend on energy drinks and body spray in one week? Three hundred dollars? Ten hundred dollars? What if I told you there was a product that combined these two things for one solution to all of life's problems and more? I give to you Double Trouble! The world's first energy drink/body spray.
So do you spray it on yourself, or do you drink it? - You both it.
- This is the one, Jason.
We're gonna be so rich.
I'll finally be able to pay to have my calf implants moved back up from my feet.
This is gonna be a lot tougher than we thought.
Tell me about it.
Double Trouble sounds amazing.
We should bid fast.
The other sharks are gonna want in.
So I just have to be simple, honest, and declarative and somehow still protect her feelings.
I don't know, man.
Maybe just tell her that you're gay.
- I'm not gay.
- Fine, bi.
- I'm not bi either.
- Why not? More guys should be bi.
It's 2018.
It's like, get over yourselves.
Is there any way I can try a bunch of different things in a row - to see what works? - Bing.
Sure, if you want to reset, just snap your fingers.
Also, I made some modifications to the tone, so it should make your transition easier.
Oh.
[easy listening music playing] Mm! Hey, babe.
What did you want to talk about? Well, I don't love you anymore.
- What? - No, no.
You don't understand.
I don't technically love you in the same way because of circumstances.
What? Hang on.
[snaps fingers] [sighs] I don't know how to tell you this, but I'm dying.
- No, you're not.
- Yes, I am.
Because we're all dying slowly, when you think about it.
We start dying the moment we're born.
So not a lie.
[snaps fingers] Okay, here it is.
I'm just gonna be perfectly honest.
My real name is Special Agent Rick Justice, FBI.
Nope.
[snapping fingers] Simone the last year has been truly amazing, and with that in mind - Will you marry me? - Yes! Yes! Of course I will! Oh! [applause] Wait, what am I doing? Why did I think this would work? Chidi, I'm gonna go ahead and reboot this one myself.
Yeah, good call.
- So, Simone - Wait.
Before you say anything, - I think we should break up.
- You do? Yes, I love and respect you very much, but we're heading in different directions.
And don't worry, we don't have to make a big thing of it.
Oh, my God.
Okay.
This is the one.
Remember everything.
Right leg crossed over left.
Coffee's right there.
Oh, one more thing.
Suck it, you doink.
- Sorry? - [laughs] This is Eleanor, you idiot.
Janet let me mess with the simulator to screw with you.
- Janet, come on! - Hi, Chidi.
This is Janet now.
Sorry, it won't happen again.
- Thank you.
- Psych! It's still Eleanor! I can't believe you fell for that, you doink.
- [laughs] - [snaps fingers] We need to break up, but here's a puppy.
Aw! Wait, what? He's a puppy, it's over between us, and he's cute.
Do you think I don't hear the bad parts - of these sentences? - His name is Martin, I need my keys back, and he's a puppy.
You are very bad at this.
That's because I don't actually want - to break up with her.
- What, do you need me to break up with her for you like we're in middle school or something? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes, please.
- Do that for me.
Please.
- Fine.
[easy listening music playing] Hey, Eleanor.
Hey.
What did you want to talk about? Well, first of all, you and Chidi are so great together.
He really loves you, and I can see why.
You know, you're brilliant, charming, obviously gorgeous.
- Aw, you're sweet to say that.
- And your accent is so cute.
Your accent is so cute.
What? I don't think I have an accent.
[mimicking Eleanor] I don't think I have an accent.
Stop it! [both laughing] [sighs] What is happening? [laughs] No! No.
This is over.
Whoa, man, come on.
It was just getting good.
Let's remember the mission.
Your father needs to focus on long-term stability.
Also, and perhaps this is less important, but there's an awful lot of dog hair on the furniture, and I have not seen a dog.
Not bad, right? Double Trouble comes in three delicious smell-flavors: Raspberry Perspirant, Cedarwood Melon Blast, and 24-Hour Lemon Musk Xtreme.
That one is also a lube.
Look, Donkey Doug, Double Trouble is dope.
On that much, we can all agree on.
But you got to think long-term.
You were good at electricity stuff.
You hooked us up with free porno channels every year ever since the third grade.
It's good, honest work.
Honest work? Whatever, Dad.
You're his dad.
This is huge, J.
When Double Trouble pops off, I'll be able to quit my job at the old folks' home.
Buy a big-ass mansion.
Every day, I'll wake up, get out of bed, brush my teeth, rinse, go downstairs, open the fridge, "Damn, we out of milk," get in my car You don't have to run through the whole imaginary day.
Jason, I believe in Double Trouble.
Why won't you believe in me? Well, I suppose a little entrepreneurial spirit never hurt anyone.
You know, reach for the stars, as I said to my good friend Elon Musk.
And then he shot his car into space.
What a weird creep.
Why was I friends with him? Maybe this is what'll put your father on the right path.
And, hey, it's not like he's robbing a bank.
Yeah, it's a factory.
- Excuse me? - Tonight we're gonna steal some energy drinks from an energy drink factory, then still some cologne from a cologne factory.
So it's actually two factories.
Then we just got to bottle it all up.
Ah, dip, we gotta rob a bottle factory.
- Three factories.
- Three factories.
Stupid Donkey Doug.
I mean, two factories I can understand, but but three? You you might want to consider the possibility that your father's a lost cause.
I have an idea, but I need your help.
Will you guys help me? I mean, yeah, that that's why we're here, Jason.
What's your idea, darling? We're gonna save Pillboi.
[Chidi] Okay, real life.
I think I'm ready.
I've analyzed the ten most successful scenarios and compiled the statistically most effective breakup strategy.
Who said you weren't a romantic? Every girlfriend I've ever had.
Ooh, there she is.
Okay.
Wish me luck.
[exhales forcefully] - Oh, hi.
Uh - Is something wrong? No, it's just that we're usually over there.
Doesn't matter.
Okay, so I've spent a lot of time thinking about everything that's happened in the last year Hi there, what can I get you to drink? I'll have an iced tea, please.
- Mm-hmm.
- Water, thanks.
It's been a time of massive personal and professional growth Sorry, sugar with that iced tea? - Yes, please.
- Right.
All in all, it's been overwhelmingly positive, and I think that's due in large part to you Sorry, real quick, I'm gonna go on break, so Helmut will be taking care of you.
Hello.
Will you be eating with us today? Just please give us one second.
Yeah, okay.
One.
That was one second.
[laughs] That was a joke.
Please get out of here, Helmut! - Okay, yeah.
- All right, look, just we need to break up.
I am I am breaking up with you.
- Why? - I can't it's it's complicated, but it's happening.
Ya dumped.
- Okay.
- Wait.
Wait, no.
Come back, please.
- Yeah, okay! I'm back.
- Not you, Helmut.
Hey, now, listen, Judy, you can't mix xannys with these little pink fools.
You'll be tripping balls like Clarence was when he crawled into the ice machine.
- [laughs] - Here.
Take half of one of these, wash it down with a 5-Hour ENERGY, and you'll be golden.
Body high with mild visuals.
[laughs] Thanks, Pillboi.
Yo, I gotta take off 'cause I gotta go do a robbery.
I mean I'm sick.
Hello, Pillboi.
I'm here on behalf of Jason.
You won't be attending the job with Donkey Doug today.
There's been a change of plans.
Okay.
That's it? You don't need any more information? I mean, do you want to tell me? - Not really.
- Cool.
Want some pills? I hate this.
What if I ruined her? What if I sent her down the wrong path and she ends up in the Bad Place? I have to undo what I did.
Janet, fire up the simulator.
Dude, no more simulations.
Just talk to her.
Breakups never end with both people feeling great.
But she's a badass, and her world is bigger than your relationship.
She'll recover.
Just go.
Be a person.
Right.
Here I go.
Janet, can I use the simulator? There's a very specific Lenny Kravitz concert - I want to be front row at.
- Sure.
FYI, when the system boots up, you might find yourself in a steam room with Jason, who will be wearing an old-timey strongman onesie.
It's a bug in the system.
Pillboi? No, it's me, Pillboi's friend Jason.
Pillboi's not coming.
If you're here to tell me an energy drink body spray is a bad idea, I've heard it before from a bank and some doctors.
I'ma help you make Double Trouble, but you got to leave Pillboi alone from now on.
I'm trying to save him.
Oh, dip.
You got religious and shiz? - Amen.
- Amen.
Okay, hurry up and get this crap in my truck.
[siren wailing] Jacksonville Police! Come out with your hands up! Are you a cop? 'Cause if you are, you have to tell us.
Yes, this is the police.
Yup, I knew it.
It's the cops.
What do we do? Yo, let's get out of here.
No.
I know I haven't been the best father in the world.
I might not have even been in the top five.
I wanna make up for that.
I'll distract 'em.
You run out the back.
No, that's crazy.
It's what my dad did for me and his dad for him.
And someday, you'll do this exact thing for your son.
I mean, I hope not, but thanks, Donkey Doug.
Hey - call me Donkey Dad.
- Okay.
Donkey Dad.
Nah, that sounds wack.
Call me Donkey Doug.
Cool.
Bortles! Uh Here's the truth.
You're amazing.
And my feelings have changed.
I wish I could tell you why.
I really, really do, but I can't.
Well you seem to know what you want, which is rare for you.
Well, I hope you keep the study going.
Might help a lot of people.
[sighs] Well see you in the next life.
What? Why would you say that? What do you know? It's a figure of speech.
You're so weird, man.
I think maybe this is for the best.
So your covert mission is to continue to report to this job until you receive our signal.
Now, this is the most important thing.
You cannot commit any more crimes, and you must help these people as much as you can.
- The mission depends on it.
- Roger that.
Man, I can't believe this whole time, you guys were with NASA.
Yes, we are secret astronaut spies.
That is indeed what Jason told you.
Take good care of these old fools, and stay out of trouble.
I love you, bro.
[sniffles] I love you, bro.
[both crying] - Psych.
- I got you, bro.
- I got you, bro.
Jag - uars BOTH: Rule.
[both crying] Well, my sister's museum exhibit opens tomorrow.
Are you all ready for some Al-Jamil family reconciliation? You know it, wifey.
Soul Squad is on a roll.
I pretty much nailed that Pillboi thing, and I got closure with my dad, Donkey Doug.
That remains depressing, but I'm happy for you, bud.
I never got to do that with my parents, and now they're both dead, so it's impossible.
So the thing is, one of your parents is not technically actually dead.
- What are you talking about? - Your mother's alive.
She faked her own death.
I'm sorry, Tahani, I don't think I'll be able to stay with you here in Budapest.
Turns out my mom isn't dead, so I need to fly back to America to murder her.
So my mom is alive, and she lives here.
Why didn't you tell me sooner, man? I had already told you that you died and that I had tortured you for centuries and that you're doomed to be tortured again.
I just didn't want to be, like, a bummer.
But now you know everything important about your life.
I promise.
A police officer came to my home and told me that my mom had been accidentally trampled to death when she bent down to adjust her toe ring at a Rascal Flatts concert.
That police officer was an actor.
See, about a month before, your mom had gotten drunk, wandered into a charity auction, and bid $30,000 for a date with Gene Simmons, outbidding everyone else by $29,800.
She didn't want to pay, so she faked her death, moved to Nevada, and reinvented herself as Diana Tremaine.
Diana Tremaine is my fake ID name.
- I - [gasps] How dare she steal the identity I stole? Look, I know this is a lot to take in, but we're here to help your mom get into the Good Place.
Whatever you're feeling, remember, this is not about you.
Right.
[knock at door] How could you do this to me? [light music] Yay, you found me.
What the hell, Mom? Okay, baby, I can explain everything.
Let's all just take a breath.
You haven't even introduced me to this stretched-out, sexy Alex Trebek.
I'm Michael.
It's nice to meet you, Donna.
Oh, uh, it's Diana now for, you know, police reasons.
By the way, whose McMansion is this? My boyfriend Dave's.
He's kind of a dork but real sweet and so fancy.
His napkins are made out of, like, shirt material.
Cloth.
Okay, now this is making sense.
You change your name, bag a rich loser with a tacky house.
I get it.
You're running a scam.
No, baby, this is as real as the nails under my acrylic nails.
- I'm a different person.
- Spare me.
You will always be sun-baked Arizona trash, - and I know that - [door opens] because I grew up baking right beside you.
Oh, jeez, I didn't know we had company.
- Hey.
Hi, I'm Dave.
- Michael.
Of course you're Dave.
Hey, Dave, you and I need to have a little conversation.
- Diana! - Oh, hey.
Who the hell is this chick? This is my little potato pie, Patricia.
And who might you be, by the way? Eleanor is my sorority sister.
Right.
Good old Kappa Zeta Jones.
- Oh.
- [giggles] I can't believe I have to wait in line to see my own sister.
I have never waited in any kind of formation before, let alone a line.
Wow.
Is this whole room just her work? Don't be fooled, Chidi.
Kamilah is a charlatan.
All she has to do is paint some dumb shapes, and people go mad.
Those aren't dumb shapes.
They're a pair of boobs.
And then two extra side boobs.
It symbolizes that boobs come in all shapes and sizes and distances apart.
Ugh.
Maybe we should just go.
There are plenty of other people I could help, like my good friend Ben Affleck and his crippling addiction to back tattoos, or my other good friend Matt Damon and his crippling addiction to my friend Ben Affleck.
It's important that you make amends.
Your competitive relationship with Kamilah is largely the reason you didn't get into the Good Place.
It stands to reason that the same would be true for her.
Fine.
But the waiting is over.
Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me.
Tahani, were you waiting in line to see me? That's hilarious.
As a frog stares up in awe at the tree top, so, too, does humanity gawk at the purity of a blinding truth.
Napkins and forks are in the back.
So making omelets is art now, is it? Not that I'd expect you to understand, but it's a commentary on the world's fascination with subservience, consumption, death, and pedagogy.
Cheddar or Swiss? Oh, no, I don't want an omelet.
I just came for a quick sisterly chat.
[bell jingles] My sister, Tahani, refuses to order an omelet.
[people gasp, shout] As a result, the exhibit is now over and will never be shown again.
- There will be no refunds.
- [crowd murmuring] [sighs] Hey, now.
I just checked my Apple Watch, and it's marg-o-clock.
[laughs] So, Michael, what do you do? Ah, well, uh, I'm an architect.
- Get out of here.
Me too.
- Ah.
Dave's real good.
You should see the new Hooters on I-15.
It looks classy, like a bank.
So how did you two love-rats meet? Oh, it's a fun story.
I was working on this project tearing down a condemned bar called the Desert Rash.
I went in to meet with the contractors, and Diana is sitting at the bar drinking a 7 and 7 and 7.
7 shots of Seagram's 7 in 7 minutes.
It's Diana's morning drink.
Oh, that's right, it was very early in the morning.
- [chuckles] - Well, this little spitfire finds out it's me who's closing down the bar.
Next thing I know, she's got a knife to my face.
[laughter] I would have been scared if she hadn't been the most gorgeous thing I've ever seen in my life.
Oh.
One thing leads to another, and all of a sudden, we're playing tonsil tennis on a broken toilet - in the alley out back.
- Cute.
So how did you and Eleanor become friends? Let's just say that we "lived" in the same "neighborhood.
" Oh.
[chuckles] What a fun way to say a normal thing, right? Well, I've got to go get ready.
Today is PTA elections, and I'm running for secretary.
And she's a shoo-in, too.
Hey, Patty, we got to get ready, okay? I know we came here to set your mom on a better path, but I think she's doing pretty great.
Please.
She's completely full of it.
I am gonna find out what kind of scam Donna Shellstrop is running, and I am gonna take her down right after I finish this awesome drink.
Man, Dave's margaritas are amazing.
- Right? - Yeah.
And I'm not even a tequila guy.
Wow.
So this is what a museum looks like.
If you look at this painting closely, you can really notice the interpretation.
I know you're just being silly and effortlessly charming, but you actually just picked the most valuable painting in the entire museum.
As of last year, that work was valued at $39.
2 million.
Oh, snap, I forgot you know everything.
How much is that one worth? That one is worth $13.
7 million.
That one's got a bunch of colors.
That's got to add some value.
Can we do this for all the paintings? Look, I've had a sort of revelation about the world, and I'd like to take responsibility for my part in our fraught history.
For whatever hurt I've caused you I sincerely apologize.
Thank you.
I do not accept your apology.
Is that all, then? [scoffs] Well [chuckling angrily] - Ooh! - [gasps] [groans angrily] Check out what Dave gave me plans for a Subaru dealership/burlesque club he's designing in Reno.
Man, Nevada's a mess.
What are you doing? Searching for the tell-tale sign of a Donna Shellstrop scam a pile of cash hidden somewhere so she can grab it and head out on the run.
When the time comes, she will rip this guy off and disappear like Keyser Soze, right after he admitted to groping all those people.
Why are you in my room? Oh, hey, girl.
What's up? How old are you three? - I'm nine.
- Cool.
I don't know anything about kids.
Hey, has Diana ever made you hide, like, a special treasure in any of your toys? No, Diana's very nice to me.
She bought me most of these stuffed animals.
[gasps] Oh, wow.
Neat.
Mind if I give them just a little surgery just to check? Okay, okay, okay, all right, Doc McStuffins, let's get you some fresh air.
So sorry.
She's a kid.
You can't disembowel her toys.
Fine.
New plan.
You casually mention that you're rich and seduce Donna.
When she goes for you, it will prove that this whole thing is a sham.
First things first, do you have a penis? I will not seduce Donna.
For one thing, I could never do that to my pal, Dave.
It goes against the architect's code.
Also, your mother seems happy here.
The Donna I know wouldn't be caught dead in this suburban boredom factory.
She's scamming them.
Look, believe me, don't believe me I don't care.
I'm gonna prove it.
Young lady, you will stop this nonsense.
Go to the PTA meeting and support your mother.
I won't hear another word about it.
What the hell was that? Well, I was going for the "stern but, you know, caring dad" vibe.
No? Didn't work? No, not even close like, not in the ballpark.
I was trying something, Eleanor.
Give me a break.
Until Kamilah accepts my apology this open wound will hinder any progress she might make toward getting into the Good Place.
Also, I'm going to strangle her, which will hinder any air from getting into her lungs.
- Can I talk to her? - [sighs] Maybe we should try a little third-party mediation.
[indistinct chatter] Uh, hi.
I'm Tahani's friend, Chidi.
Chidi is an Igbo word that means "God exists.
" That's right Sorry, I don't know the etymology of your name, but All of your fears are now mine.
[mystical music] - What did she say? - What? I don't know.
Sorry.
I got distracted.
She's amazing.
All of my fears are hers now.
Of course they are.
Um I sincerely apologize to you because I have matured into a fully formed adult with empathy and self-awareness.
But if you don't accept my apology, I will smash your stupid art exhibit into bits.
More Tahani theatrics with zero follow-through? You don't have it in you to do anything that bold, because I'm the one who got the boldness gene and the good-eyebrow gene.
[gasps, shouts] Oh! Oh, no.
All my fears are mine again.
Hey, Davey, can you believe the design of this room? Auditorium? More like Audi-bore-me-um.
[laughter] Savage.
Hello, I'm Diana Tremaine.
I never thought I'd run for PTA board.
For most of my life, I preferred to crawl pub crawl.
[laughter] But now I want to make sure kids in this decommissioned-military- bombing-test-site- turned-suburban-township get the best education Nevada has to offer.
[scoffs] What's that always double down on 11? Also, there is a pretty great kid who goes to this school, and I want to make this place great for her.
- Stand up, sweetheart.
- [applause] Well, it was the first Hooters ever made out of brick, sort of inspired by Monticello.
- Hey, mark.
- Oh, no, it's Dave.
Oh, I know your name.
I'm calling you a mark.
Easy.
I got news for you, dad-bod.
The woman you know as Diana Tremaine is really Donna Shellstrop, my much older mother.
She faked her death and changed her name.
Sorry to burst your bubble, but that's the deal.
I already knew all that, Eleanor.
Your mother told me everything the first night we met.
The first night? Well, no, not the first night, actually.
That was mostly sex.
[chuckles] Your mother is a very confident and selfish lover.
- Yikes.
- No, no, no, it's perfect for me 'cause I don't know what I want.
But anyway, the next morning she told me everything.
And we're gonna tell Patricia once she's a little bit older.
For now, everything is going great.
No, dude, you don't know my mom.
She used to put, like, 50 things in a shopping cart, then go to the "12 items or less" aisle, scream "rat," and run out the door without paying.
She is a liar.
Well, listen, she has been nothing but honest with me.
And I like that she's got a wild streak.
It kind of gets my motor running.
Tell you the truth she's turning me into a bit of a bad boy.
I mean, who am I Avril Lavigne? [men laugh] [mysterious music] Oh, I get it.
Coming clean was all part of the scam.
It's brilliant because he thinks she's honest.
So, when she runs off with all his money, he'll never see it coming.
Come on, Eleanor.
I changed, you changed, maybe she changed, too.
No, no way.
Why can't you accept that she might be living a good, honest life? That she's an attentive partner and a good mom? Because I wanted that mom.
I wanted the mom who made me afternoon snacks instead of just telling me to look for loose fries in the McDonald's ball pit.
Why does Patricia get that mom? If Donna Shellstrop has truly changed, then that means she was always capable of change, but I just wasn't worth changing for.
I know as your self-appointed father figure, I'm supposed to say something comforting here, but I'm I'm kind of stumped.
Okay, final tally 43 votes for Diana Tremaine, 12 votes for Eileen Capshaw, and one vote for Bofa Deeznutz.
God, don't look at me like that.
You're not my real dad.
Congratulations, Madam Secretary.
It's so crazy, right? I'm gonna need to get a calculator and maybe a globe.
I don't really understand the job.
Listen, um, I'm sorry that I didn't think this whole thing was real.
I just never thought I'd see the day when you made a commitment to anything.
I was wrong.
Thank you, baby.
That means a lot.
- Let me help you.
- No, no, no, not that one! Not that one! No, sorry, sorry.
This powder is only for my delicates.
You don't wash your bras.
No.
No.
[gasps] I knew it.
My mother is a con artist.
Got ya.
So, before I'm tortured in the afterlife, I get to spend the rest of this life in a Hungarian prison for destruction of art.
That's fun.
Destruction of extremely derivative art.
Kamilah's work has been mediocre for years.
Mother and Father are probably rolling over in their cryogenic chambers.
Really? You don't think they would be proud of her for having a whole museum wing dedicated to her work? My parents' standards were incredibly high, and they were impossible to please.
Plus, they always pitted my sister and me against each other.
The two of them were a unit, and Kamilah and I [epiphanic music] Girls, we have a new challenge for you.
Each of you has four hours to complete a rendering of your favorite moment in French military history.
The winning painting shall be hung in our foyer during our party honoring Francois Mitterrand.
The losing painting shall provide the kindling for the fire that rages in our hearth during that party.
[laughs] Doesn't that sound wonderful? Yes, Mother, it does.
Thank you for this opportunity.
Who will be the winning artist, and who will fail? Let's find out.
[serious music] These paintings they're us.
You're the boobs? Sorry.
Once Jason said it, that's all I can see.
Here we go.
What? Tahani, what are you doing? Stop it.
No.
I'm going to hug you because I love you and because you feel just as alone as I do.
I'm sorry our parents were such wankers.
And I understand that you can't accept my apology because that would quench your creative thirst.
They forced us to compete, and that competition has fueled your art for decades.
It's so awful, and I'm so sorry.
[sighs] [sighs] They were wankers, weren't they? Ah! The absolute biggest wankers on Earth.
Let them go, please.
Diana Tremaine, you little devil.
New name, same game.
Fine.
Things have been going good with me and Dave, but sometimes I sneak a little bit of cash out of his wallet, and I hide it away, just in case everything blows up and I need to skip town.
Are you happy? Actually, no, I'm not happy, but I think you are.
You're holding on to this exit strategy, telling yourself that you can bail at any time, but the truth is you love this suburban life.
I don't love it so much.
I am not basic.
Ya basic.
No, Mom.
Ya basic.
And that's okay.
Let me ask you something.
Why are you wearing yoga pants? Well, on Tuesday nights, I do restorative yoga with a bunch of moms from Patty's school.
And what do you do after yoga? We split avocado egg rolls at the Cheesecake Factory, but we also drink.
- What do you drink? - Chardonnay - with ice cubes.
- [sighs] And after one glass, I get sleepy, so I usually switch to water so I can drive home like a nerd! Hey, hey [chuckles] It's okay.
It's good.
You're happy here.
But you need to commit to this which means getting rid of that stash of escape money.
And I think you know what you have to do with it.
Send it to Gene Simmons? What? No.
Spend it on Patricia.
Set up a college fund, buy her a crib or a car.
I truly don't know anything about kids, but this is your chance to break the chain of Shellstrop mother-daughter crappiness.
You have a do-over.
Use it.
Oh, baby.
It seems like you've turned into a really good person, and you clearly didn't get that from me, so props to whoever helped you.
Is there more cash in your bra? Always.
It's why I don't wash them.
I still can't believe that police officer pulled you over just to tell you that you were driving perfectly.
Why not? I was.
There is an article in the paper about Kamilah's latest art installation.
And look "A Fractured Inheritance" by Kamilah Al-Jamil and Tahani Al-Jamil.
Gosh, that was very big of her though she really should have named the piece "Buried Hatchet," don't you think? Such a better title.
I'm going to call her and rub it in.
Maybe don't for now.
Yes.
Smart.
- Good luck, buddy.
- [chuckles] Oh, hey, I almost forgot.
I sketched you up a little something some ideas there for your project.
- Wow.
- [chuckles] Well, this is more than a few ideas.
You solved the whole thing columns and porticos.
Uh-oh.
[laughing] Looks like you forgot to include bathrooms.
Oops.
Ah, just a little oversight.
I certainly use the bathroom like anybody else.
I love to sit on the the thing and just, you know, shoot one out.
Eleanor, I'll be in the car.
It was really nice to meet you, Patricia.
Got a lot of people who care about you here.
And good luck with the - SATs.
- I'm nine.
Whatever, good luck in school.
You get it.
The others are on their way back from Budapest.
We'll be picking them up in a few hours.
Oh, be happy.
Your mom found a better path all on her own, and you definitely helped Patricia.
Double happy ending.
I know.
I'm just I'm a little sad.
I'm glad my mom has changed, but that doesn't fix all the damage she did to me.
Let's face it she's the reason I could never get close to anyone.
I never even told a boyfriend I love him.
Oh, crap.
Um you remember how I told you that you knew everything important about your life? Well, I-I wasn't thinking about your afterlife life.
In one of the reboots, you and Chidi fell in love deeply, and you told him that you loved him, and he told you that he loved you back.
We did what, now? You want to listen to a podcast maybe?
This library's depressing.
All they have in the Poetry section is Jeff Foxworthy books.
Well, we needed someplace deserted, and there's no place more deserted than a public library in Arizona.
Now let's go, man.
We only have a few hours before we have to pick the gang up from the airport.
Fire up Janet's memory gizmo.
Flooding your brain with memories from the afterlife is dangerous.
In one of the reboots, you and Chidi were in love.
Can't you just take my word for that? No, dude, I can't.
My screwed-up relationship with my parents made me believe I could never really love anyone.
I need to see it for myself.
Those are my memories.
I want them back.
Okay, fine.
Have a seat.
Luckily, before we shut the neighborhood down, Janet saved a complete record of all the reboots.
Put those in your ears.
[LIGHT MUSIC] - What's all that for? - You'll see.
We're gonna start with a simple, three-second memory.
- Why only three second - [DEVICE BEEPS] Oh, hi, Eleanor.
Buongiorno, Eleanor.
Morning, Bambadjan.
Morning, Vicky.
Ugh.
Those two are such forking dweebs.
[DEVICE BEEPS] As I told you, recalling afterlife memories here on Earth has some significant side effects.
You should be back to normal in about 20 minutes.
[COUGHS WEAKLY] [TEETH CLATTER] [PLEASANT MUSIC] Ah, looking a little better.
The banana must have helped.
Before we go any further, I have one very important question.
Did I look hot bald? 'Cause I always kind of felt like I could pull it off.
I have no real ability to gauge physical attractiveness in humans.
But no, you did not pull it off.
Okay, that short clip should have rewired your brain, like an inoculation.
So now I can show you the highlights of reboot 119.
I'm skipping all of the sleeping and chewing.
You guys are always either sleeping or chewing something.
[DEVICE BEEPS] So, we are moving onto the subject of free will versus determinism.
We are officially done with Nietzsche.
Aww.
I'm gonna miss Nietzsche.
I spent a lot of my life thinking I was better than everyone else, and he showed me why I was right.
Give me that reading list.
What do we got? Ooh, a little Aristotle, little Descartes, little Tommy Quine-Quine.
That's what I call Saint Thomas Aquinas.
Two months of philosophy class, and you're already [SNEEZES] What are you grinning at, weirdo? [LAUGHS] Come on, we're gonna be late for the neighborhood meeting.
I gotta say, it seems - like I was really nailing that philosophy class.
- [DEVICE BEEPS] Can you believe my high school voted me "Most Likely to Die Young and Unaccomplished?" You did die young and unaccomplished.
Fair enough.
- Put those back in.
- [DEVICE BEEPS] Ah! My favorite four residents.
Don't tell the others.
[LAUGHS] Welcome to "Pick a Pet Day.
" We have hundreds of beautiful animals for you to choose from.
And when you do make your choice, your pet will bond to your soul forever.
Fabulous.
I haven't had a pet since Barbra Streisand gave me one of her cloned Siamese cats, and it killed itself.
- Ah.
- I'm going to look at the mythical pets, darling.
Catch up when you're ready.
- May I? Yeah? - Yes.
Dude, we can get mythical animals? Maybe I'll get a penguin.
Penguins are real.
That's the spirit, Eleanor.
They're real to me too.
- [CHICKEN CROWING] - [DOG BARKING] Ooh! This one looks just like the one I had when I was a little kid.
He's so cute! But is is this one a little a little cuter? I mean, this pup looks friskier.
But this one looks a little a little sweeter.
- Maybe - Uh-oh.
It's Chidi kryptonite, a choice between any two things.
Settle in, lizard.
This is gonna be a while.
Michael, what's a "Mirror Centaur?" Ah, a stunning creature, whose human half takes on the image of its companion.
- [CHIME] - [SHIMMERING TONES] Greetings.
I am T'Hania, Goddess of Beauty.
Oh my.
I mean, should I take the cutest puppy, or is that shallow? And is it even okay to separate them? Are they brother and sister? Or or perhaps, married? Dude, they're heaven puppies.
I'm sure they're both incredible.
Just choose one.
You're right.
The black one.
That was my first impulse, and that is the one I'll take.
I'm so sorry, Chidi.
Both puppies have been taken.
Yeah, I should have seen that coming.
My indecision has once again cost me happiness, and I will now suffer the consequences.
How many pets have gone unclaimed? Three.
A 16-foot albino python - Mm-mm.
- Something called a "tarantula-squid," and this owl.
The Tarantula-squid.
Tarantula-squid.
Tarantula-squid.
Tarantula-squid.
I'll take the owl.
- [DOOR SHUTS] - Check it out.
Janet made him a little cowboy hat.
Isn't that stupid? [GIGGLES] - Chidi? Hello? - Shh.
Spencer doesn't like loud voices.
Yeesh.
What happened, man? Well, I was trying to teach him to play fetch, like I did with my puppy as a kid, but instead of retrieving the stick, he attacked my face with his razor-sharp talons.
Why don't you just ask Michael for a dog? Because it was my mistake to not pick a puppy fast enough.
I made my bed, and now I'll bleed in it.
Let me do that, dummy.
Come here.
What if I talk to Michael for you? That way you don't have to worry about feeling ungrateful, or whatever, and maybe you'll still get a puppy.
- Instead of - Ow.
Deep wounds.
- You'd do that? - Of course.
It's the least I can do, considering everything you've done for me.
[GENTLE MUSIC] So you get it, right? - Hey.
- What? You liked him, he liked you.
You did nice things for each other.
Your lack of parental affection did not make you numb to love, blah blah blah.
"Blah blah blah"? Why don't you want me to see this? - What are you hiding? - Nothing.
It's just, the rest is not interesting.
Yeah, no, you're right.
"Not that interesting.
" Just watching myself fall in love for the first time in fake heaven.
What else is on? I am going to put this back in my ear, and you are going to show me how thoughtful and caring I am, or I'm gonna rip off your demon head and shove it up whatever's where your butt should be.
Roll it.
Oh, a lizard was a perfect choice, Eleanor.
- You both have combination skin.
- Thanks.
Hey, this is a weird question to ask.
I'll just throw it out there.
Can I ride your centaur? I'm afraid T'Hania's quite particular about whom she allows to ride her.
I tried, and she gave me a withering stare.
Turns out centaurs are a bit tricky.
You didn't have like a stable full of horses growing up? Oh, of course, but they just pulled our carriages, or performed in our horse ballets.
They weren't so what's the word? - [HORSE SHOES CLOPPING] - Judgmental.
With whom can I speak about acquiring new shoes? You can't expect me to walk around in these flats all day, like some common glue factory, hobo horse.
Eleanor, you were looking for me? Uh, yeah, so, Chidi chose an owl, because he froze up trying to decide between two puppies.
Is it possible for him to swap? Of course.
This is the Good Place.
But he might want to hold off.
Tonight we're having a party where everyone gets to transform into their pets for a few minutes, as a treat.
Chidi can fly like an owl, and you can do whatever lizards do.
Tahani, would you host the party at your mansion? Of course.
I'd love to.
Is that what you're going to wear? What? N no.
No.
Of course not.
[SOFT LAUGH] Why? Is it unflattering? I I can change.
Guys? I can't find my lizard.
He was just out there, like one second ago.
No big deal.
Janet can find it.
No, I can't risk it.
These pets are supposed to, like, bond to our souls forever.
If Michael finds out mine ran away, he could figure out I'm not the real Eleanor.
Just, um, go without me, and tell people that I'm hanging out with my lizard, because we are so meshed together, or, whatever circle of life crap like that.
- You sure? - Yeah.
Go enjoy flying.
I'll meet you there.
Come on, Bleek.
Lizard? Lizard? Where the fork are you? [SOFTLY] Lizard! Ugh! Why didn't I name you? - Hey.
- [SCREAMS] - Why? - Oh! Oh, no! Chidi! Sorry I shoved you, man.
I've just been a little jumpy.
Hey, you didn't happen to see my lizard in the lake, when you were thrashing around down there? No.
It was cold and dark and scary.
But don't worry, we'll find him.
Michael and Janet are busy transforming people, anyway, so they didn't even notice you weren't there.
Holy crap, you're supposed to be flying right now.
It's no big deal, I just decided I'd rather be helping you.
Than soaring through the air like an owl? That's amazing.
You're amazing.
[TENDER UPBEAT MUSIC] After that, you spent all your time together.
You studied philosophy together.
You even got Chidi hooked on popcorn shrimp.
Eventually, you became suspicious of me, and escaped to Mindy St.
Claire's house on a train.
That was the first time you actually said it out loud.
I love you.
And you don't need to respond, 'cause I know you have trouble saying how you feel I love you too.
That's the story.
You're capable of human love.
Congrats.
- Can we go now? - How did it end? Like it always did, with me rebooting you.
There's there's no need to Show me, please.
[DEVICE BEEPS] [YAWNS] All right.
Let's get this over with.
- So, listen guys - No, you listen.
We just went to Mindy St.
Claire's, and when she wasn't trying to trick us into having a threesome, she filled us in on everything that you've been up to here.
Oh, yeah? We know this is, like, the hundredth time you've tried to torture us, but this time it's different, because we're in love.
And love is stronger than anything you can throw at us.
No, it's not.
Love is stronger than anything I can throw at you? I could throw an elephant at you.
You think a thrown elephant wouldn't crush you because of love? She was speaking metaphorically.
Even metaphorically, it's lame.
It's okay.
No matter what he does, we will find each other, and we will help each other, because we're soul mates.
[BLOWS RASPBERRY] There's no such thing as soul mates, you dingus.
I made it up.
I put clowns in your house because you hate them.
I forced you to choose the lizard, and then I made that lizard run away.
I made it all up! Don't you understand that? This [SNAPS] That's why I didn't want to give you your memories back.
I didn't want you to see how cruel I used to be.
Plus, I wore a lot of French cuff shirts back then.
I thought it made me look classy.
It's it's it's all embarrassing.
But I'm different now, I promise.
I'll swear on a Bible like you humans do.
I could grab one right now.
It's the only book they have in the Sex Ed section.
I'm not mad at you.
I can't be mad at a demon for being evil.
I'm just sad, because I thought for a second I could love someone.
But really, it was just you manipulating me into thinking I loved someone.
So, I guess I was right.
I'm incapable of love.
[MELANCHOLY MUSIC] Eh, that's no biggie.
Do you wanna get burgers? [EXHALES] Hang on, how did you draw that conclusion? You just watched yourself fall in love with Chidi.
No, I didn't, I watched a puppeteer pull a bunch of strings to make us think we were in love.
You said it yourself, you made it all up.
Okay, yes.
I put you and Chidi in close proximity, because I needed you to drive each other crazy.
But I never intended for you to fall in love.
Once you made us bond, the romance was inevitable.
It's a basic reality show playbook.
Put a bunch of attractive young people in stressful situations, so they act like idiots and have sex with each other.
This is all just determinism.
What? "Determinism is the theory that "we have no control over our own actions.
"Everything we do happens because of some external force, which exists outside of our control.
" I didn't choose to fall in love with Chidi, because some all-knowing demon, you, brought us together and scripted our lives.
That's ridiculous.
I didn't make you kiss Chidi by that lake.
You kind of did.
You orchestrated the whole "pet day" thing, manipulated us into choosing specific animals, made my lizard run away, which led to Chidi coming to help me find it, which led to us kissing, which led to us falling in love.
None of that was my choice.
Everything in my life has been determined by my upbringing, my genetics, or or my environment.
And everything in my afterlife was determined by you.
There is no such thing as free will.
[CLEARS THROAT] We're closing up soon, guys.
Yeah, can we just have 15 minutes? We're kind of in the middle of something.
I'd take off if I were you.
The second we close, they use this place to shoot pornos.
Okay.
[NEON BUZZING] You want something to drink? Maybe I do, maybe I don't.
But whatever I choose will be the result of millions of biological, genetic, and societal factors that are entirely outside my control.
Iced tea.
Oh, that sounds good.
I'll have one too.
Okay.
You think you have no free will, because I scripted everything that happened, right? All I have to do is prove that you made one choice that I couldn't anticipate.
Easy.
- [DEVICE BEEPS] - Okay, here's a perfect example! - [LOUDLY] In the very first attempt - Dude.
Dude-dude-dude! - What? - Yelling You're you're yelling.
- Oh - Like, so loudly.
Sorry.
- Sorry.
- Yeah.
Watch this, it's from the very first attempt.
[DEVICE BEEPS] If anyone has any information - Oh, boy.
- About any of this Okay, easy.
I beg you, tell me.
Hey, I love you, man.
Michael.
The problem in the neighborhood is me.
You saw your friend in pain, and you decided to sacrifice yourself to help him.
That wasn't me pulling a string or manipulating you.
In fact, it was the last thing I wanted.
Ruined my whole plan.
- Free will.
- No, dude.
The only reason I cared enough about Chidi to do that, was because you forced us together, made me feel bad for causing him pain.
- Okay, yeah - Yeah.
But, no, you were constantly doing stuff I couldn't anticipate.
As a matter of fact, I complained to you once, right right to your face.
- I think it was reboot 444.
- [DEVICE BEEPS] Now, is Chidi trapped in the purple space bubble? Yes.
Is he in pain? Almost certainly.
Will he ever get out? No.
However Uh, yeah, uh wrong one.
Wrong one.
I mean, that's worth watching.
[SOFT LAUGH] It's great.
But uh not not the one I was thinking.
- [SIGHS] - It's probably, uh, 445.
- [DEVICE BEEPS] - [DRAMATIC WHOOSH] [SOFT POND AMBIENCE] [DOOR OPENS] You.
In here.
[PENSIVE MUSIC] Where am I? Hell.
You're in Hell.
Can I ask you something? Have I missed anything in that freaky little noodle of yours? See I I've studied everything about your life.
I know your hopes, your fears, your psychology, your tendencies.
- - I know all your private shames, like that you don't wash your feet in the shower; your first concert was Barenaked Ladies; and you have frequent sex dreams about Sam the Eagle, from the Muppets.
Well, he's very authoritative, and I find that reassuring.
You keep making crazy choices I don't understand.
[SCREEN CHIMES] Am I missing something? I'm sorry.
Can we rewind for a second? Who are you? Who is that guy? Am I dead? Is Sam the Eagle here? No.
[SNAPS] I tried to script your whole afterlife.
And I devised a 15 million-point plan to torture you.
You made choices I never saw coming.
I call that free will.
What if all your choices are predetermined? Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
What? We don't know.
Maybe there's a mega-demon who built a torture chamber for demons, and this whole thing is just him torturing you.
And maybe all the mega-demons are just fulfilling a destiny laid out by a bunch of super intelligent tarantula-squids, who are torturing them, be [GASPS] [ICE CLATTERING] Why did you do that? - Because I have free will.
- [SIGHS] And because you're being so annoying.
Uh.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry that he did that.
- Happens all the time.
- [SIGHS] Usually it's the younger woman doing it to the older guy, though.
Dude! Not cool.
Disagree.
I think it's the coolest thing I've ever done.
Do you really not see what's happening here? Do you want me to spell it out for you? This is a defense mechanism, Eleanor.
You saw yourself fall in love with Chidi, and it freaked you out to see yourself be so vulnerable.
So, you're using determinism to convince yourself that those feelings were not real.
You know, you don't know me, man.
Yes, I do, I know everything about you, remember? Including that nothing scares you more than vulnerability.
[SCOFFS] Whatever.
Who even cares? I do.
Because if everything is determined, and we have no free will, then all the stuff we're doing to put more good into the world is pointless.
And I want to believe that it matters.
So if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna use my free will right now to go pick up our friends at the airport.
Worst possible use of free will, but I'm gonna do it anyway, because I care about them.
[MELANCHOLY PIANO MUSIC] [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDS] You might wanna head out too.
We're closing soon, and the second we do, they use this place to shoot porn.
[SIGHS] First class was amazing.
They give you so many free presents.
A shaving kit, an eye mask oh, a vest.
[AIR HISSING] At times like this, it's fun to remember that we're legally married.
[LAUGHS] That is fun.
Oh, I call window seat! [TENDER PIANO MUSIC] [DOORS SHUTTING ECHOES] I'm sorry.
You were right.
I was scared about what it all meant, and I went back to one of my favorite moves, turn on the ol' Blame Hose.
[WHISPERING] "This is all you fault.
" Apology accepted.
And I'm sorry I dumped iced tea on your head.
Are you kidding me? You did exactly what you should do when you're friend is being annoying.
You snapped me out of it.
It also made me realize, in a weird way, we are the only truly free beings in the universe, because we actually know what's up with the afterlife.
And I think that means we need to be bold.
Take the Soul Squad to the next level somehow.
You're right.
We need to find someone who can serve as a as a blueprint for humanity, someone who's life is so great that we can use it as a model to get as many points for as many people as possible.
And I think I know that perfect person.
Rihanna.
Good call.
I don't know her personally, but I did see her in Vegas once, and her calf brushed up against my tongue.
I licked her leg.
I was kicked out.
It's not Rihanna.
It's it's someone way cooler.
Hey, everybody out of the car! Grab your bags! We're going to rural Canada! [ELECTRICAL CRACKLING] [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC] - Is it ready? - I guess.
We have no idea if it'll work.
Oh, I'm sure it's perfect.
- Give it a try, Shawn.
- Me? I'm not going through that thing.
She is.
Ask Michael how many times he rebooted them.
- He's lying - Yeah, zip it, toots.
We're way past that.
Where am I? How long was I in there? You have missed a lot.
Now go through that makeshift portal.
See if you explode.
[GIGGLING] This might be gross.
[ELECTRICAL CRACKLING] [WARBLING] Oh.
Am I on Earth? Did you figure out a way to build an illegal door to Earth? [ELECTRICAL WARBLING] Yes.
That's exactly what I did.
- Well, we all helped.
- Shut up, Glenn.
La la la la la Did you ever lie and listen to the rain fall Did you ever own a homemade apple pie Did you ever watch a child while he was praying Just don't let the good life pass you by Did you ever hold the hand of starving [KNOCKING ON DOOR] - Hello.
- Hello.
Hope we have the right house.
I'm looking for a Doug Forcett? Well, I'm Doug Forcett.
How? Oh, yes.
Yes, you are.
Sorry, um, I'm a reporter for the "Calgary Times Examiner.
" My name is Michael Scoop.
This is my photographer, Janet Scoop.
- She's my sister with the scoops.
- Oh, boy.
Some people in town are saying you live a pretty interesting life out here.
Growing your own food completely off the grid? We would love to do a human interest story about you for the paper.
What do you say? Okay, well let me think.
Well, first off, I'm so flattered that you'd want to do a whole news story just about me.
That's so nice.
A heartfelt thanks to the whole Scoop family.
Can I ask is your newspaper printed on recycled paper? Yes, no, very recycled.
The most.
Well, all right then.
Come on in.
Great, great.
Oh, hey, you know, before we forget.
Can Janet take a photo of you for the paper? Oh.
[CHUCKLES] Okay, can you look up a little and to the right? Smile, but only with your mouth and not your eyes.
Perfect.
[PLEASANT MUSIC] It was 1972.
My friend Randy and I ate some magic mushrooms.
Randy asked me, "what do you think happens when you die?" And I saw with perfect clarity how the afterlife works.
Immediately I knew I had to live a perfect life.
Well, not immediately.
The next day all I could do was watch kung-fu movies and stroke a blanket that I thought was my cat.
But soon after, I designed a life that would maximize my point total and help me get into the Good Place.
And I've been living it ever since.
I know, this sounds crazy.
No! No, actually it makes it makes perfect sense.
Oh.
[CHUCKLES] Oh, boy.
You've been sitting here for ten minutes and I haven't offered you anything to eat or drink.
Would you like some water or fresh radishes? Water would be great.
Janet, how cool is he? You know, for a celebrity, he's amazingly down to earth.
Stars.
They really are just like us.
He's so thoughtful with his actions.
Thank goodness he had that hallucination.
He could have had the one Randy had where everything was made of ears.
Way less helpful.
We have to learn everything we can about what makes him tick so we can use it to help others.
He is the blueprint, Janet.
He figured it all out.
Here we go two waters.
Let me know if you're not happy with them.
I have ice cubes if it's too warm and a koozie if it's too cold.
Oh.
Well, that has an interesting aftertaste.
- Is that from a nearby river? - Oh, no.
Why take fresh water away from the beavers and the fish? No, I have my composting toilet hooked up to a water filtration system.
One man's waste is another man's water.
And both men are me.
[BOTH LAUGH] Hmm.
Yeah, I'm pretty excited to relax and have a drink.
I mean, saving souls feels great, but Sydney to Budapest to Phoenix to Calgary I'm so jetlagged, I can't even regrender my chorf.
Don't even know what I was trying to say.
You need to get your blood flowing.
There's a pool table over there.
- Wanna play? - Yeah, sure.
Why not.
Let's do it.
Tahani, can I ask your advice about something? Is it about your grating speaking voice? I'm so glad you finally brought it up.
Because, honestly, with a few elocution lessons No, I wanna ask you about Chidi.
What's wrong with my voice? Nothing.
It's lovely.
Tell me about Chidi.
So, it must get lonely up here all by yourself without anyone to talk to.
Oh, I've got lots of friends.
There's this little guy, for example.
Yeah, it's a snail.
Hi, snail.
I don't name them in case they already have a name they prefer.
- Huh.
- So, this is an organic garden? Yeah.
Everything I eat I grow myself.
The radish patch was actually here when I moved in.
I thought it'd be mean to dig it up.
Mean to the radishes? I also grow lentils because they require very little water and have the smallest carbon footprint.
Huh.
All he consumes are lentils and radishes.
No, Janet.
He also consumes his own waste.
So, everything's fine.
How do you play pool again? What are the rules? That's one of the best things about pool, dawg.
There are no rules.
I am 100% sure there are.
Me and my friends play a special Jacksonville style of pool.
It's called "Special Jacksonville-style pool.
" You hit whatever ball you want but you use your hands.
And: that's it.
Okay, your turn.
I got a thousand points.
Oh, that's the other rule.
You make up your own points.
I got five million points.
Damn, how'd you get so good at this so fast? So, in this whole other timeline, Chidi and I said "I love you" to each other.
But he doesn't remember any of that happened, so I guess my question is, When is the right time to tell someone you were passionate lovers in an alternate timeline in the afterlife but he doesn't remember because technically none of that happened in this strand of the multi-verse? - Ugh.
- You know what? I'll just check with Yahoo answers.
- I'm sure someone's weighed in.
- Nope, nope.
I'm flattered you would seek my advice.
Though, I suppose, it makes sense.
I'm sure the one constant in all the reboots is that you and I are best friends.
Uh-huh.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Look, I don't think you would want Chidi to know what happened in the past unless you wanted it to happen again in the present.
You can't know how Chidi will react.
It may be painful but it's never a bad idea to tell someone how you feel.
Thanks, Tahani.
You give really good advice.
And you made a really hot centaur.
Sorry? So, these are some of my 71 adopted dogs and wolves.
You've rescued every stray animal that's ever wandered onto your property? Oh, yes, ma'am.
I've been mauled several times.
Oh, this little guy here might look innocent, but boy, he goes right for the squeaker if you know what I mean.
Oh, this is fun.
You get to meet Raymond.
- Hi, Raymond.
- Hi, dumdum.
Who are these two hosers? Don't worry about Raymond.
He's just a local sociopath who comes by my house to take advantage of me.
Yeah, I got your laundry all folded and ready for you.
For whatever reason, this loser does whatever you tell him to do.
Watch.
Hey, give that guy your shoe.
- Would that make you happy? - Very happy.
Now give him your shoe.
Well, that's okay, Doug, don't I don't need your shoe.
Please don't give me your shoe.
Well, then give me your shoe, or I'll be sad.
There you are.
[LAUGHING] Well, as long as he's happy.
See, if I make him happy, I get the points.
That's how the system works, remember? Go get your shoe, idiot.
[CHUCKLES] Be right back.
Ow.
Oh, that's a bleeder.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Michael, face facts.
Doug is not the blueprint of how to live a good life.
He's become a happiness pump.
What? Remember from Chidi's lessons? I remember the term happiness pump.
That's just mostly because Eleanor and Jason made a bunch of dirty jokes about it.
It's a criticism of utilitarianism.
A happiness pump is someone who is obsessed with maximizing the overall good at his or her expense.
Doug will do literally anything to make other people happy even if it makes him miserable.
Oh, I don't think he's miserable.
So, everyone happy and contented in here? What's Oh, I volunteered to test cosmetics for a local company so they don't have to test on animals.
- It's fun! - Huh.
For the animals who don't have to do it.
For me, it's like wearing a mask of fire.
Uh, what can I do for you now? Would you like to move in, permanently? Or would either of you like any more water - or one of my kidneys? - You know what? We have absolutely everything we need.
Thank you.
We're gonna head out now.
Okay, well, it was so nice to meet you, Janet, and you, Mark.
I mean Michael.
I called you Mark.
Your name is Michael.
No, no, that's okay.
Hey, hey.
Stay with me here, buddy.
No, no, no, no, this is very bad.
Forgetting someone's name that's definitely lost me some points.
Hey, you know, I've always secretly wished my name was Mark.
Lie.
That's a lie! Now I'm accusing you of lying.
Now I'm yelling.
Why am I yelling? I need to make this up.
I'm going to give you a really nice haircut.
[SQUISHING] - Was that - A snail? Yeah that was a Oh, no, no, no, no.
I think he's still alive.
Do either of you know anything about snail first aid? - No.
- Yes.
I mean, "no.
" All right, Michael, I need you to find some scotch tape while I apply pressure.
Too much pressure.
I'm gonna need that tape! Oh, What?! Jacksonville style, baby.
Thirty million points.
Nice one, homie.
Hey, what are you guys doing? Well, I either know exactly what I'm doing and it's something, or we're doing nothing and I'm winning.
Congrats.
Can I talk to you for a second? Okay, a few days ago, Michael showed me something.
And I don't know exactly how to say this, but you and I are Bambadjan.
You know, I never thought about it before but yeah, we are kinda Bambadjan.
No, you jetlagged doof.
Bambadjan is the name of a demon from the Bad Place who is somehow right over there.
Come with me right now.
Okay, okay.
Hey guys, having fun? Cool, cool, cool.
So, we need to get out of here immediately because this bar is full of demons.
Eleanor, just because these people are wearing cheap leather and stone washed denim, they're still part of the Queen's realm.
Calling them demons is a bit much.
No, no, no, no, actual demons.
Like, from the Bad Place.
Okay, Chidi and I are going to go out the side door.
You and Tahani go out the back.
Or we do this the old fashioned way.
How did you make that so fast? Bortle [MUFFLED CRY] Hello, idiots.
Surprised to see me? [SIGHS] Right.
You don't remember.
I'm Sean.
You are very scared of me.
Now, where's Michael? We are here to celebrate the life of Martin Luther Gandhi Tyler Moore, the snail.
I named him/her that posthumously because I imagine him/her to be the greatest and most talented snail ever to have lived.
Michael, would you care to say a few words? [CHUCKLES] Oh, you're serious.
Yes.
Um, okay.
Martin was a lot of things.
A snail, mostly.
But also a friend.
Martin taught us about life, about love, and about the limits of scotch tape.
Goodbye, Martin.
Happy, slimy trails, old friend.
I'm sorry, I've got to leave right away.
I've decided to make a donation to the Canadian Mollusk Association in Martin's honor.
Their office is in Edmonton, so it will take me about three weeks to walk there and back.
Take care.
Okay, look out little fellow.
Heads up.
- Here comes a shoe.
- Say, Doug, look.
Do you mind if we ask you just a few more questions? What you're doing here how you're living your life just so wonderful.
But can I maybe give you just a little advice? I know I should donate more blood.
I'll try, but the last time I went down there they said I was so anemic, they ended up giving me blood.
No, look, look.
Um I've been a reporter for a long time, Doug.
Met all sorts of people.
Traveled all over this crazy blue marble.
Meeting regular folks.
Every face tells a story, Doug.
Why, I'd say that those so-called regular folks often turn out to be not so regular after all.
- Michael.
- Sorry.
The point is, I have never met anyone so dedicated to making other people and snails happy.
If what you're saying is true about the afterlife, then you must have earned more than enough points by now.
So, loosen up, bud.
Have a little fun.
Eat something besides lentils.
- Like radishes? - No, no, Doug.
Dammit.
Just have ice cream or chicken parm.
Live your life.
You know, travel.
Drink regular water that wasn't inside you.
Okay? Just relax.
Thank you, Michael.
But no.
I can't do any of those things.
Why not? Because I can't risk it.
There's an accountant out there somewhere measuring the value of everything I do.
What if I relax and do something that loses me just enough points to keep me out of the Good Place and I'm tortured for eternity? No, I have to make every moment count.
It's the only rational way to live.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to walk to Edmonton to give $85 to a snail charity.
Why don't you just take us to the Bad Place already, dude? Because I want to see the look on Michael's face when he realizes he failed.
I love seeing the look on people's faces.
It's the best part of my job.
Dude, Michael's not coming here.
Face it, man.
You are outmatched, because Michael and Janet are brilliant and savvy and they've been ten steps ahead of you this whole time.
We can sit here as long as you want.
But you will never, ever, ever, see Michael or Janet aga Yikes, that was rough.
Total bust.
Ah, Doug is a complete disaster.
And I drank his piss.
Hello, Michael.
See? See the look on his face? So great.
Hello, Sean.
Other demons.
What are y'all doing down here? What do you think we're doing, you hemorrhoid? We're ending this charade once and for all.
These four humans are the legal property of the Bad Place.
That's where we're taking them.
[MYSTICAL WHOOSHING] And you.
If you want them, you're gonna have to go through me.
That's the idea.
Well, it's a bad idea.
Oh, Michael.
When will you ever Screw this.
Let's fight! [BLOWS LANDING] Get somewhere safe, you guys.
Bad news.
I've been going to the gym, a lot.
Oh, no.
What is happening? Let him go! Let him go! [GRUNTING] Let him go! Twelve years of fencing.
En garde.
Obviously, I'd never do that in a competition.
That would be a three-tenths deduction.
No, no, watch out.
Watch out.
[PORTAL HUMMING] I've never marbleized a Janet before.
[BALL CLACKS] Jacksonville style, baby.
Two thousand points! Thanks, Jason.
[GRUNTING] Janet.
Door.
[WHOOSHING] [DRAMATIC MUSIC] [BOTH GRUNTING] [GIGGLES] Three hundred points best score ever! - [PORTAL HUMMING] - [SCREAMS] Is it just me or is Janet a straight-up hottie right now? How are you this close to being dragged to Hell and still horny? I don't know.
And how did you know they were demons? I can't tell you that now! Screw it.
What am I waiting for? We could die in the next 30 seconds.
So, Michael showed me a memory of our time in the Good Place and you and I were, like, a thing.
- And - Gotcha! Not like a casual, "Hey, I found two loose pills "in the bottom of my tote, let's pop 'em and see what's good," kinda thing.
We were in love, and there's a real possibility that I'm in love with you again.
Here.
On this plane of existence.
Today.
Now.
In Canada during this brawl with demons.
Let's get her to the door.
[PORTAL WHOOSHING] No! No! Oh, cool.
When I'm even partway through the door to the afterlife, my powers come back.
They do? [SCREAMS] They do.
Thanks for asking.
[SCREAMS] You're coming with me.
Hi, there.
[SCREAMS] [GASPS] - We did it! - It was, um Well, no, yeah, no.
Of course of course Janet did it.
Yes, but I had the, uh Thank you, Janet.
How did you get down here? We have the only key to the door to Earth.
- We built our own door.
- That's impossible.
[MOCKING] That's impossible.
Ugh, you're such a dweeb.
Why can't you leave us alone? You don't have enough nostrils to stuff with wasps? I don't want just any wasp nostrils I want these wasp nostrils.
You're just delaying the inevitable, Michael.
The Bad Place is going to get all of them eventually.
These four, their loved ones, even your precious pee-pee king, Doug Forcett.
Now, why would you think that? Just a hunch.
And do you know what else I had a hunch about? - No.
- [MYSTICAL WHOOSHING] [WHOOSHING] I mean, why let the guy keep saying mean stuff, right? I thought Doug Forcett was the blueprint for leading a good life? He seems pretty confident that Doug is heading to the Bad Place.
For a while now, I have felt like there was something wrong with how the point system was evaluating humans.
At first I thought it was that the system didn't allow for the possibility that people could improve.
That's why I convinced the Judge to send you back to Earth so you could confront the ways you were living.
But now I'm worried that the problems with the system might be much more serious.
We need to gather some real evidence.
Uh, sorry, no, no Michael.
You're confused.
Evidence isn't a good thing that you want.
It's a bad thing that you have to destroy or you go to jail.
Jason, quick, I need that coaster over there behind the pillar.
You got it, boss.
I just needed a 30 second break.
- Yeah.
- What sort of evidence is this and how do we get it? Janet and I have to go right to the source of the points themselves the Accountant's office.
The four of you stay here at Doug Forcett's house until I get back.
You're gonna need to feed all the dogs and the wolves, and if a teenager shows up on a dirt bike just do as he says.
He's very scary.
Michael, Michael, Michael.
[PANTING] I forgot what you asked me to get.
That's okay, bud.
Thanks anyway.
Look, we won't be long and you guys should be safe here.
Actually, scratch that.
We're all screwed because a bunch more demons just showed up.
There's too many of them.
What do we do? I have an idea.
I think I can take you into my void.
Cool.
That sounds fun.
Let's go into a void.
Okay, let's go.
But, just to be clear I don't know if you'll survive in my void, but either way, all of you will definitely die on Earth when I do this, so look around and say goodbye.
Goodbye, Earth.
Wait, did you just say we're gonna die?
Wow! Ho-ho! Oh, Janet, you did it! You brought us into your void.
If I had a heart, it would be pounding.
- Michael - You know, you'd think there'd be side effects, but I feel great.
How's the hair? Is it still amazing? Michael, there may have been some side effects for the humans.
Huh.
Dude, why are there so many Janets? Anwhy do I sound like Janet? You also look like Janet.
Do I? Why? What? What is happening? [groans] Oh, no, am I wearing a vest? Ooh, Michael, help me! This is going to be tricky.
How do we even tell them apart? Oh! [laughs] Okay, that one's Jason.
[bright music] I can't put the humans back in their own bodies, so I've done the next best, but still not that great, thing.
A high-neck sleeveless? - I suppose this outfit will do? - [sarcastically] Are you sure? I mean, wearing a floral print to an infinite void at this time of the nothing? So where are we exactly? We're not on Earth, right? That's correct, Chidi-Janet.
You're not.
Your real bodies dematerialized when you entered my void, and your essences reconstituted themselves in this form.
Cool, cool.
And when you say "void" Oh, I mean a sub-dimension outside of space and time at the nexus of consciousness and matter tethered to my essence.
Does that help? It does not help.
It makes it way worse.
I just want to lie down.
Where is down? I found it.
It's up here.
It's dope.
I have an idea.
- [soft beep] - Sweet.
I call sofa.
Janet's void has a back door to the Janet warehouse in the Neutral Zone, which is right near Accounting.
You four will stay here while Actual Janet and I sneak through it and find the Head Accountant.
But, Michael, why can't we go with you? Well, you just died, which means you're the first humans in history to not immediately go to the Good or Bad Place, which, in turn, makes you inter-dimensional fugitives.
So that's neat.
Also, the Judge is probably still pissed at me for, you know, breaking all the rules, and she might take it out on you.
Plus, the Bad Place is probably hunting for us, so, literally, the entire universe is against you.
Okay, but what's a fourth really good reason? Jeez, just trying to lighten the mood tough void.
Now, Janet and I will pose as Good Place employees and sweet-talk the Accountant into showing us his books.
If I'm right, we will find proof that the Bad Place is tampering with the point system.
The Accountant will tell us what to do, and this will all be over.
We're almost at the end, guys.
Just stay here, keep Janet's heads on straight.
- Bye.
- [soft beep] [tense music] Is that a Good Janet or a Bad Janet? That's a Neutral Janet.
She's sort of the black sheep of the Janet world.
Or blank sheep, I guess.
Ooh, I can throw shade now.
That's cool.
You've arrived at the Accounting Office.
All point calculations for actions taken on Earth are made here.
- End of conversation.
- My name is Michael.
I need to speak with the Head Accountant on official Good Place business.
I will inform the Head Accountant of your presence, and he either will or will not see you in a certain amount of time end of conversation.
Wow.
Good thing your void plan worked out, huh? [sighs, burps] [auto-tuned burp] Believe in life after love? Oh, having four humans in my void is weird.
This is nuts.
We're in a void in the body of a white lady.
- Not a lady.
- Not a lady, darling.
Well, we are white.
Let's all say white people things! Billy Joel.
I found it on Etsy.
There was nowhere to park.
Did you refill the Brita? I find this void quite calming, actually.
It's like, this time, the Xanax took me.
Oh, I have the worst stomachache.
Dude, relax.
Here, let me see if I can figure this out.
[soft beep] Oh, wow, Eleanor! How'd you do that? I don't know.
We're Janets now.
So I thought we'd have some bitchin' Janet powers.
What just happened? What did you do? Sorry, I'm just trying to help Chidi calm down The structural integrity of this void is already at risk.
You can't start randomly conjuring up objects, or it might shatter the void.
Yes, it might.
It might make everything blow up, and we'll all disappear forever.
Mwah.
So stop it! [soft beep] [tense music] [soft beep] Everything okay? - Nope.
- Well The Head Accountant has decided to see you.
This will happen now.
End of conversation.
Hi.
Hey-o! [chuckles] There they are.
Good to see you.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I'm Neil, Head Accountant.
- You must be Janet and Michael? - Yes.
[chuckles] Can I just say, I really depreciate you coming.
Huh? A little bit of accounting humor.
- Ah.
- Yeah.
- So what can I do for you? - Well, I'm concerned about certain anomalies in the point system.
I'm worried that, somehow, the Bad Place has been tampering.
Tampering? No, no, no.
Quite impossible.
Laughable, really.
Janet, can you remind me to laugh at that later? Your amusement has been scheduled.
End of conversation.
She's a lot of fun.
Could you just humor us, though? Show us how the system works? Uh, well, I suppose I could give you a quick tour.
We don't get a lot of visitors.
Follow me.
Eleanor, how'd you know I always wanted a dog like this? Funny story, it's one of the things I saw in the alternate timeline, where we were soul mates on and off for 300 years.
Maybe we should talk about that? Well, I suppose we can, but there's not that much to talk about.
The things you saw weren't part of my life, so they didn't happen to me.
What the hell are you talking about, man? Of course it was you.
I saw it.
Well, it was a Chidi, sure, but it wasn't me Chidi.
This is a classic philosophical question.
The concept of the self, or who we are.
Philosophically speaking, there's the Chidi I am, who lived a certain life, and there's the Chidi you saw your soul mate or whatever, who had some entirely different life.
- They're not the same Chidis.
- [scoffs] I'm so sorry.
Yeah, no, I get it.
Counterpoint that's the dumbest thing you've ever said, and you do not deserve a puppy! I'm un-blooping your puppy! - [soft beep] - [grunts] - [puppies barking] - Things are getting cuter, and I want them to get less cute! [bright music] So this is the main feed.
Every action by every human on Earth is recorded and then sent here to be assigned a point value based on the absolute moral worth of that action.
For example, a couple in Osaka, Japan, just decided to have a destination wedding.
Negative 1,200 points.
Oh, and it's a destination theme wedding.
Negative 4,300.
The theme's "Lord of the Rings.
" They're basically doomed.
Ah, here's one.
This means that someone has just done something which has never been done before.
"Richard Moore of Sugarland, Texas, "hollowed out an eggplant and filled it with hot sauce and nickels.
" And amazingly, it's not a weird sex thing.
99% of all new human behaviors are weird sex things.
But not in this oh, no, it is a weird sex thing, yeah.
Well, then we zip that over to the relevant departments.
In this case, Anastasia in the Stuffed Vegetable Department.
We've got Hector over in American Coins, and my dear buddy, Matt, in Weird Sex Things.
I'm still waiting on a response to the request I filed for immediate suicide.
Request denied.
I love Matty.
He's hilarious.
So they now examine the action its use of resources, the intentions behind it, its effects on others.
Correct.
And you end up with this.
And here is why tampering is impossible because this score is then double-checked by 3 billion other accountants, all chosen at random, and if they all come to the same conclusion, which they always do, it makes this official.
Anyone who does this same action in the exact same way loses this many points.
When people die, their biographical history and final point totals are sent to the relevant destination.
This batch is going to the Bad Place.
Thank you, Doris.
[whooshing] The system is flawless, and tampering is quite impossible.
I see.
Could we look at one specific file, though, just to make sure? Oh, who do you want to see Genghis Khan, Marie Antoinette? Walt Disney's got some freaky stuff in his file.
Doug Forcett.
I don't get this, man.
Why wouldn't you want to know what our life was like? You're not even a little bit curious what it was like to hit this? I don't mean this this.
Although, frankly, I would also hit this this.
I don't want to see those memories because, philosophically speaking, they're none of my business.
They happened to someone else.
Let me explain.
- [soft beep] - Take a seat.
Conceptions of the self.
Let's start with John Locke, who believed that personal identity was based on having a continued consciousness essentially, memory.
Memories are links in a chain that together form a single self.
If I can't remember what happened because it happened to a Chidi from another timeline, it's not a unified me.
Just because you don't remember doing something doesn't mean you didn't do it.
I have no idea how it happened, but there is definitely a tattoo on my butt that says "Jasom.
" That leads us to Derek Parfit.
- It does? - Parfit said even if I have memories from an earlier time, that doesn't necessarily mean it was me.
After all, if my brain was split in two and each half was put in a different person, which one is me? All I know is that other Chidi doesn't exist anymore, and this one does.
So this must be the real Chidi.
And all I know is that you're just barfing Wikipedia all over everyone to avoid talking about your feelings.
Let's talk about David Hume.
[Neil humming] Here we go, the Book of Dougs.
Let's have a look.
Doug Forbush, Doug Forcap Doug L.
Forcett.
Hey, no peeking.
Accountants only.
Can you just tell me his total so far? Looks like he's at 520,000 points.
- Well done, Doug.
- So that's that's good? Oh, it's excellent.
Wait, he's 68 years old? Oh, that's terrible.
He's screwed.
I knew it! Doug has spent his entire life being nothing but good.
He once found a dollar on the ground, and he sent it to the Canadian government to help pay down their national debt.
And he isn't even close to getting in? How can that be? Look, mate, the points are indisputable.
They have been since the beginning.
"Og Gives His Rock to Grog.
" First ever act of human altruism.
Og earned 10,000 points that day.
Of course, then Grog used that rock to beat Og's brains in and lost a million points.
The point is, the math is cold, objective, and airtight, and unless you can prove otherwise, I don't know how I can help you.
I just got 700 new Weird Sex Thing files in the last one second.
Oh, yeah, Burning Man just started.
Buckle up, Matty.
It's going to be a long week.
[soft music] So, in essence, Hume thought that we don't truly have a self.
We're just a bundle of our ever-changing impressions.
Just admit it, man.
You're embarrassed you fell in love with an Arizona trash bag.
Eleanor, it's not personal.
Someone fell in love with you.
- It's just not me.
- [soft beep] I told you not to conjure anything.
Sorry, I-I just swapped the living room for a classroom.
Not you, him.
- Jason, what is wrong with you? - Sorry, Janet.
I didn't mean to conjure Pillboi.
I was just thinking about how much fun we used to have hanging out in his broken hot tub, and then he showed up, Yeah, I was just chilling, being nothing, and then all of a sudden, I was.
- Oh! - [chuckles] Good-bye, Pillboi.
Aw, dip.
I'm not again! - [soft beep] - Oh.
You need to hurry.
My molecular essence is fragmenting, and it's giving me the worst headache.
Okay, here's a question.
If Doug Forcett's not getting in, who is? Let's look at one more file someone who who's gotten into the Good Place this year.
All right, why don't we look at No one.
No one got in.
- No one's gotten in for a year? - Correct.
How about the last three years? All right, uh, boo-doo-doo [tense music] Uh, no one.
When was the last time someone got in? The last time someone got enough points to get into the Good Place was 521 years ago.
Michael, um Yo, homey.
You and Eleanor were fighting before, and I couldn't help but overhear.
Hey, if we hear with our ears, why is it called "butt overhearing"? Bro, if you don't like her, you should just tell her.
[sighs] It's not about whether I like Eleanor.
I got into philosophy to try to make sense of a world that almost never makes sense.
And that was before I learned that I died and then un-died and then re-died.
I just can't take one more thing.
It's too much.
I'm going to tell you a story.
Back in Jacksonville, there was this guy in my 80-person dance crew named Stank Toby.
Hang on.
It was a 60-person dance crew.
Um Oh, dip! What are numbers? You're not Jason-Janet.
You're Eleanor-Janet pretending to be Jason-Janet.
That is so wrong and so confusing! What was I supposed to do, man? You wouldn't talk to me.
This seemed like the only option.
[high-pitched voice] Hi, Chidi, I'm Eleanor.
I'm Arizona shrimp horny.
That's not what I sound like, Jason.
- Get out of here.
- Oh, dip.
[soft beep] Look, you know what? Just forget it.
What am I even doing? I'm I'm chasing a dude who isn't into me.
I'm making myself vulnerable for no reason.
I don't even know who I am anymore! [soft beep] Uh-oh.
This is new.
I'm so annoyed at myself.
Gah! Stupid, Eleanor! Stupid! This whole thing sucks, you know? Eleanor, you you're not The one thing I never wanted to do, ever, for any reason, was to follow some guy around like a lame puppy dog! I mean, look at me.
I don't need to do that.
I can get any guy I want.
- Eleanor, just hang on.
- What, dude, what? - What do you want? - What is going on? - [soft beep] - Okay, well, this is bad.
Why are you staring at me? Do I have a zit on my nose or something? Your sense of self is crumbling, and it's taking the void down with it.
Great.
So I don't feel like myself for two seconds, and it breaks the universe? How come nothing went wrong when Chidi freaked out about his identity for three hours? Because freaking out about everything is my identity.
Not to brag.
I need you to hold it together.
Try to do something Eleanor-y.
Laugh at someone who falls down, or show up to an event under-dressed and get mad at everyone else somehow.
I'll be right back.
[soft beep] [loud crash, crumbling] I know I asked you this before, but No, darling, this is not where the Mac and PC guys live.
Whoa! Check out this dope flat-screen! It's air-mounted! Do you see this, Tahani? This must be where Janet stores all her information.
This screen can literally show us anything that has ever happened.
Cartoons, cartoons! I think it's broken.
TV, play cartoons for Jason! [upbeat pop music playing] Oh, my.
Janet has a crush on you.
I'm sorry.
It's not just a crush.
I think in one of the reboots, you and Janet were married.
Whoa, married? Oh.
This flat-screen must have been a wedding present.
It's all starting to make sense now.
Well, I've got to run.
We're having a little thing in the break room for Marisol's birthday.
She turning 39,000,000 again.
So, if there's nothing else "If there's nothing else"? Neil, be logical.
Not one Good Place resident in over 500 years? Not Jonas Salk? Not Harriet Tubman? Not one single Golden Girl? The Bad Place has hacked your system! No, it hasn't.
How dare you? Frankly, I'm beginning to resent your tone, sir.
If you've got a problem, then go to the Good Place and take it up with the Committee.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get to the break room, because there's cake over there, and if I don't move quickly, Erika will get the last corner piece.
Good day, sir! No, no, no.
This can't be happening.
No, he was supposed to tell us what to do.
If he's not going to fix this, who is? - You, Michael.
- [groans softly] It has to be you.
We keep wandering around these different realms expecting someone else to have the answer, but no one ever does.
You're the guy, Michael.
You're the only one who can fix whatever's wrong with the afterlife.
But before we get into that, Eleanor's identity is shattering inside of my void, and I might blow up.
So I'm going to need you to grab a paper clip and marbleize me, like, yesterday.
What's going to happen to the humans? No idea, but I can't take them out of my void in the middle of this office.
And if we do nothing, everyone's gone-zo.
Marbleize me, get us somewhere safe, and bring me back.
Right, a paper clip! I need a paper clip! Hey, Matt.
Do you have a paper clip? What are you going to use it for? - Chidi, I'm scared.
- I know.
What am I supposed to be doing right now? I don't remember.
I'm having a hard time remembering.
Right.
Memories, you need to remember who you are.
You're Eleanor Shellstrop from Phoenix, Arizona.
Your favorite meal is shrimp scampi.
You listed your emergency contact as Britney Spears as a long-shot way of meeting her, and your favorite movie is that clip of John Travolta saying "Adele Dazeem.
" You flew halfway around the world because you wanted to be a better person, and it was very brave.
You're sharp, and you're strong.
You make fun of me a lot.
You once called me a human snooze button.
but you also showed up in my classroom when I was drowning in despair and canned chili, and you basically saved my life.
You have very high self-esteem, and a very low tolerance for men who wear sandals, and your worst nightmare is someone saying something nice about you to your face, but too bad because I need to say it because you deserve it.
- Because because - Chidi [soft music] [both exhale deeply] [chuckles] Nice work, bud.
Did you mean everything you said, or did you just say it because the world was ending? I really want to play this cool, but I'm afraid that I'm going to ruin it if I try to be sexy.
I already ruined it.
Um, saying the word "sexy" is not sexy - Wait! - Ooh! I'm okay.
- Are you sure? - Yes, I'm okay.
- Wait.
Uh-oh.
Ooh.
- What? They're not Janets anymore.
They're them, and they're not sitting well.
[exhales deeply] Incoming.
[whooshing] They're all here, and they're safe [alarm blaring] From the old scary thing.
Now there's a new scary thing.
Hi, guys, I'm Neil.
Welcome to Accounting.
Now, it does seem that four of you are inter-dimensional fugitives, so I did go ahead and hit the alarm sorry about that.
But there is some good news.
- There's some cake left.
- Yes! Michael, what are we going to do? Guys, I'm so sorry.
- The Accountant was no help.
- Rude.
No one's gotten into the Good Place in 500 years.
We have no plan.
No one's coming to save us.
[dramatic music] So I'm going to do it.
Follow me! Corner piece! No! You can't take the Book of Dougs.
Accountants only.
I need one of you to volunteer to do something outrageously insane that will either make you cease to exist or be really fun.
That's most of the things I've tried.
That's my guy.
Come here, come here.
- Get in the tube.
- Oh, hell, yeah.
- I love getting in stuff.
- [bell chimes] [alarm continues blaring] No way to know what happened to him.
So, come on, let's go, everyone else.
Come on.
Here you go.
[bell chimes] [people yelling, soft whooshing] [repeated thumping] [people grunting and groaning] Ow! [all grunting] That was awesome! That was awesome! I want to go again! Where are we? We're in the Good Place.
No offense, dude, but you have told us a lot of lies in the last 300 years.
So, seriously, where the fork are we? Fork.
Shirt.
Ash hole.
[gasps] [upbeat music] Holy forking shirtballs.
We're in the Good Place!
Holy forking shirtballs.
We're in the Good Place.
Are we sure we're in the actual Good Place? It's rather carpeted.
Yeah, I don't see any go-karts, much less go-karts being driven by monkeys wearing sunglasses and Hawaiian shirts.
- What? - Don't No, this is definitely some part of the Good Place.
Just take a deep breath.
Whoa.
That smells like Typhoon Falls, my favorite water park when I was a kid.
Mmm.
Chlorine, suntan lotion, Band-Aids, and a thick cloud of teen hormones.
When I was researching my fake Neighborhood, I learned about this.
The Good Place smells like whatever makes you happiest.
[sniffing] Warm pretzels.
Or, no, wait.
It's the smell of absolute moral truth? Those two things have very similar smells.
I smell Blake Bortles holding the Super Bowl MVP trophy, as Dan Patrick says, "This has to feel good, Blake.
" And he says, "It sure does, Dan, and I owe it all to my best friend, Jason Mendoza.
" - Also, weed.
- Mmm.
To me it smells like a curtain closing between first class and economy.
Ah, this truly is the Good Place.
I don't think we're in the main Good Place area.
This seems like this is some kind of a mail depot.
So, we're talking about mailmen now, from heaven? I literally had that calendar and I did not get past March.
- What? - Don't.
Okay, there are two key things that we have to do.
Make sure that no one can follow us.
- Janet? - On it.
What's the second thing we have to do? - Keep a low profile.
- [crashing] Okay, if there's anyone in the building, here's our cover story.
I'm an account; you are a Neutral Janet.
And you four won a contest.
- Really? - Really? Okay, not that.
I'll come up with something better.
Why do we need a cover story at all? There are the good guys.
Let's just come clean and request asylum.
Yeah, man, we're refugees.
What kind of messed-up place would turn away refugees? The main thing I've learned about the Good Place is that they never break the rules.
No way to guarantee they wouldn't send you right down to the Bad Place.
What the heck is going on in there? - Uh - [clears throat] Oh, hi there.
Um, I'm I'm an accountant.
We're coming from Accounting, and as we were climbing through the the mailbox, it it blew up.
The explosion was caused by demons.
We were being chased by demons.
And a Dracula.
There was a Dracula chasing us.
- Was there, though, Jason? - Yeah.
Maybe Drac blew up the mailbox with his bazooka.
Well, jeez Louise, I'm sure glad you're okay.
My name's Gwendolyn.
Welcome to the Good Place.
I'm Michael, and this is my Neutral Janet.
Hello, also, not hello.
It's nothing to meet you.
End of statement.
And these four here are humans, if you can believe it.
"If" I could believe it? Watch this: I believe it.
[laughs] Why are they here? Because they won a contest.
Congratulations, guys.
Come on in.
This is the correspondence center.
Make yourselves at home.
There's a sofa, that's a bowl of fruit, that's the door to the Good Place.
Ooh, this is a fun paperweight shaped like a little hat.
I'm sorry, this right here is is the door to, um, the Good Place? Well, it's a door to the Good Place, but it won't open for you guys, though.
The only door for humans is the Official Entrance, which is 500 trillion miles north-south-north of here.
So, you're kinda just stuck inside.
Wow, it's really weird that you guys won a contest to be in this building.
Well, you know, take that up with the folks at "Weird Contest Magazine.
" Hey, why don't we help you clean up the mess in the mail room? Wow, thanks.
Did I win a contest? [forced laughter] Chidi and I will be right there.
Chidi, help me.
- She said it's not gonna open.
- Fine.
Ooh! - Eleanor.
- What? This is how I always got out of escape rooms.
If you break enough stuff, they open the door and kick you out.
Is everything okay in there? Yep.
Okay.
No follow-up questions.
Hey there, Smashy, before you start grabbing any other throwing lamps, you have anything - you need to talk about? - I can't take this anymore, man all the running and the hiding and fighting and this whole insane journey.
And now all that stands between us and the actual Good Place is one door? What is that two inches thick? That's like four Oreos.
We're four Oreos from heaven.
I know.
I know.
It's an insane situation, but I am right here with you.
So, let's take a deep breath.
[inhaling deeply] Mmm.
Okay, the smell of the barf from the wave pool is really helping.
How? Why? - Say, Gwendolyn.
- Hmm? I need to speak with the committee regarding an urgent matter.
Oh, sorry, you'd have to contact them directly, and that's definitely against the rules.
I see.
How would I contact them, though, if it weren't against the rules? Well, by calling them on that phone, but I can't let you use it.
Right, and even if it weren't against the rules, I don't know the number, and you wouldn't tell me.
[chuckles] I couldn't.
There are no numbers.
You pick it up and it connects you to whomever you want, but you can't use it.
Of course not.
- Just as a hypothetical - Mm-hmm.
Is there any way that you would know if I did use the phone? - Any kind of alarm? - Golly, no.
So, it's entirely untraceable? Sure is.
What a fun thought experiment.
- You said it, Gwendolyn.
- Uh-huh.
Say, is that a dog barking in another room? I doubt it, because I don't have a dog.
But out of politeness and an abundance of caution, I'll go check.
Hello, doggy.
My name is Michael, I'm an Accountant.
I need to speak with the Committee immediately, on the top floor of the Correspondence Center.
Thank you.
[bright music] Jason, you seem thoughtful and that concerns me.
Do you remember that one time when we were in Janet's void, and we all looked like Janet? I do, yes.
You know how I saw that thing about how Janet loves me? I don't know how I feel about her, and also, I feel bad that I sort of, like, read her diary.
And she doesn't know.
What should I do? Well, perhaps, you should tell Janet what you saw, and start a dialogue about your feelings.
Who knows if a relationship will take hold, but you must begin from a place of honesty.
Thanks, Tahani.
It's nice to know I can talk about girls with my wife.
Hey, Janet.
Uh, so, do you remember how you killed us and brought us into your void? I do, yes.
When we were in there, I was wandering around, because you have the ability to make anything, and I wanted to see where you keep the roller blades.
And I accidentally saw that video thing about how you love me.
You saw that? That's so embarrassing.
I mean, it kind of freaked me out at first.
But, hey, let's talk about it.
I don't want to talk about this.
You guys were in my void, and it was exhausting, and I almost blew up, and I have to be neutral, and Neutral Janets don't have feelings How's it going in here? It is going neutrally.
End of conversation.
- Can can we - End of conversation.
You got one shot, buddy.
Be clear, be confident, and don't let them intimidate you.
Oh, wow.
- Wow.
- This is place is very cool.
Have you guys ever been here before? - I have never been here before.
- No, no, no.
- I love it, so charming.
- Really great, it's earthy.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Michael.
Thank you for coming.
No, thank you for asking us to come.
It is one of the great honors of my eternal life to be invited here by you, today, for this momentous occasion.
Now, who are you, and why are we here? Well, in a nutshell, I believe that the Bad Place has somehow infiltrated the Accounting Department, and it's tampering with the points system.
My goodness, that would be a disaster.
Everyone focus up.
Meg, you take notes.
Daisuke, open a secure channel to headquarters.
Kellen, head to the farmer's market and grab us fresh peaches.
I think pluots are in season.
Then get pluots, Kellen.
Get as many pluots as can fit in your tote bag.
We're gonna be here a while.
Brought you some water.
Well, I mean, there's not a kitchen, but I found this kind of glowing bowl with liquid in it? Maybe it was a toilet.
I'm gonna throw this out.
What are you doing? Trying to jimmy the lock, but everything I stick in here just turns to glitter.
- Ugh.
- All right, forget about the door.
Look at me.
Right now, we're together in heaven basically.
And we're in love.
Compared to some of the other stuff that's happened to us, it could be worse.
I guess "try and enjoy this" is a better plan than "have the anxiety sweats.
" Oh, check it out straight through my sweatshirt.
Cool.
Hey.
I have an idea to take your mind off the door.
Let's go on a date.
- What? - No, I'm serious.
Why not have our first date four Oreos away from paradise? You still wanna go out with me after I just showed you my anxiety sweats? Man, you must really be into me.
You have to admit, it's very odd that no one has gotten into the Good Place for 500 years.
Well, there've been dips before.
Remember like, 200,000 years ago, when they invented stabbing, and they were all just, like, stabbing each other? Again, I urge you to look at Doug Forcett.
The man has lived a selfless life, and he's not even close to getting in.
The only explanation is that the Bad Place has somehow rigged the system.
I wouldn't put it past them.
Every single Bad Place employee is a disgusting monster.
Well, some of 'em are probably cool, handsome, man-about-town types.
Committee, Michael the Accountant has brought us evidence of a problem, and now it is up to us to find a solution.
While you wait, Kellen will stand by you, showering you with compliments.
Great job, Michael.
You are such a good speaker.
This suit is very flattering.
You have a lot of gravitas.
I thought I was gonna be annoyed by this, but it's it's wonderful.
Your jawline is extraordinary.
You're a nice height.
Your energy is electric.
I gotta say, it's been really nice having a little company.
It's nice to be here.
And it's not nice to not be there.
So, how'd you two meet? Was it through the contest? Tahani and I met in brain school, and then we got married, because nothing mattered.
You're both so attractive.
Are all humans as attractive as you two? [laughs] No.
Fantastic.
Say, Jason, can you help me get more wicker baskets - from the other room? - Sure thing.
I'm so sorry, darling, this is all my fault.
I encouraged Jason to come clean about what we saw.
You saw that too? - No.
- [groans] Jason knows that I love him, it stinks to hear about how the two of you are married, this beige outfit really washes out my not-skin, and if I don't remain neutral in front of Gwendolyn, she's gonna know we've been lying.
All of these new emotions I'm feeling are about to burst out of me, which might be super embarrassing.
What if they come out my butt? [bright music] Whoa, champagne.
Found it in the cupboard.
I think it was a gift.
I feel kind of bad, what if it was for something really important? "Gwendolyn: Here's some champagne for you "for thanking me for thanking you "for thanking me for thanking you for thanking me for the champagne you sent me.
" Pop that bench.
[pops] This is my kind of scrappy fun, sneaking around with a boy, trying not to get caught.
I know, it's like when my parents would go to a symposium and I would sneak into their office and read the unabridged dictionary.
I can't believe I'm attracted to you.
You are, though.
I'm not worried about that anymore.
You blew it when you admitted it to me.
You still thinking about what's on the other side of that door? Not really, no.
Because you're here with me on this side.
I have one more little surprise for you.
Okay, open 'em.
Holy forking fork.
What do you think? Oh, no, you're crying.
I assume it's because you're happy or horny.
Is this a horny cry? No, I'm crying because I'm miserable, and it's all your fault.
Why? Do you not like the outfit? I love the outfit.
You look amazing.
And this sucks, and I'm furious, and I'm the happiest I've ever been, and I blame you.
In light of this new information, the time has come to take decisive action.
Wow, can't tell you how happy I am to hear you say that.
We are gonna form an elite investigative team to get to the bottom of this.
And we are fast-tracking the process.
It'll take no more than 400 years.
Sorry? It's aggressive, but you heard right.
We are only giving ourselves 400 years to select the members of this elite team.
Wait, 400 years just to form the team? I was thinking that we could do something now-ish.
Like, right now.
Michael, we have rules, procedures.
We're the good guys.
We can't just do stuff.
No.
Upon formation, the team will then be in charge of organizing a Blue Ribbon Commission to investigate themselves, to make sure there's no conflicts of interest.
And that will take 1,000 years.
Okay.
Just so you know, the whole time you're doing this, the bad guys are continuing to torture everyone who ends up in the Bad Place, which is everyone.
And that deeply concerns us.
Have you seen the memoranda we've sent each other about how concerned we are? We're taking this very seriously.
Hear, hear.
Kellan, did you file a "Hear, Hear" memorandum? No.
Sincerest apologies.
I rescind my "Hear, hear" and resign, effective immediately.
[applause] Hey, you two.
I think I may have solved one part of our little problem.
I made up a "Death Did Us Part" certificate, explaining that since Jason and I are dead, we are officially no longer fake-married.
I know it's not your main concern, but whatever part of you was vexed by our silly arrangement, you can now both relax.
I can tell by your silence and inability to make eye contact with me that I've knocked it out of the park.
It's a nice gesture.
I feel both pitied and put on the spot, so that's fun.
And it's a cool reminder of how I'm dead.
Well, forget it.
Never mind.
Misfire.
Watch this.
There, cancelled.
So, you and I are married again? No, we we're not.
Um Bleh.
- It's okay.
- [whimpering] Cry as long as you want.
I'm going to.
[sniffling] 'Cause my tears taste like the nacho cheese from my favorite movie theater.
That's a really weird incentive to keep crying.
Relationships are stupid.
You're scared you're never gonna have a real one, and then when you do, you're scared it's gonna go away.
Here's an idea, what if we don't worry about whatever comes next? There's a quote a I like by Tolstoy: "There is only one time that is important: Now.
"It is the only time TOGETHER: "When we have any power.
" I know that quote.
An unverified Tyra Banks account posted that meme on Instagram.
Well, now I hate it.
[laughs] There is another quote first spoken by a very wise, very attractive, occasionally very sweaty philosopher: "You gotta try.
" Now, she was talking about making the world a better place, but I think it applies to relationships too.
I've got an idea of something we could try.
Great.
What? Oh.
Wait, I I think I know Well, I don't wanna assume.
What if we both write down what we think you mean What if we didn't? Ooh ah.
Michael? How did it go? Is the Committee going to help us? The Committee's a bunch of ineffectual dorks in fleece vests.
The Titanic is sinking, and they're writing a strongly-worded letter to the iceberg.
How much more evidence do they need? The Bad Place has to be tampering with the system.
There's no other explanation.
Can I ask you an unrelated question? Absolutely not.
The fate of all of humanity is at stake, and time is running out.
[somber music] Go ahead.
I'm trying to help Jason and Janet navigate some very complex feelings, but everything I do makes it worse.
You know them better than anyone else.
How do I just make them happy? How do you make Jason happy? You give him a lollipop shaped like a Transformer.
You'd think it'd be that simple.
But every time I do something nice, it backfires.
There are so many unintended consequences to well-intentioned actions.
Feels like a game you can't win.
That's it.
There is another explanation: unintended consequences.
Oh, Tahani, you did it.
Well, of course I did, darling.
Did what? All along, I've only been looking at one Doug, but there's millions of Dougs in here.
[bleeping] In 1534, Douglass Wynegar of Hawkhurst, England, gave his grandmother roses for her birthday.
He picked them himself, walked them over to her, she was happy boom, 145 points.
- [bleeping] - Now Yeah, here we go.
[bleeping] In 2009, Doug Ewing of Scaggsville, Maryland, also gave his grandmother a dozen roses, but he lost four points.
Why? Because he ordered roses using a cell phone that was made in a sweatshop.
The flowers were grown with toxic pesticides, picked by exploited migrant workers, delivered from thousands of miles away, which created a massive carbon footprint, and his money went to a billionaire racist CEO who sends his female employees pictures of his genitals.
Whoo! That is a very odd thing to cheer.
Don't you understand? The Bad Place isn't tampering with points; they don't have to.
Because every day the world gets a little more complicated, and being a good person gets a little harder.
Gather the others.
We have a lot to do.
But we didn't really deal with my thing Okay, I'll just figure it out.
Janet, I owe you an apology.
I'm very sorry I meddled.
Truly, I was only trying to help, because I want you two to be happy.
And because, well, I love you.
I really do.
I love you both.
- [sniffles] - Oh, no.
I'm sorry.
Did I say something wrong again? No, I'm just crying because you're such a nice and thoughtful friend.
And the emotions aren't coming out of my butt, they're coming out of my eyes, which is somehow just as embarrassing.
- Why are you crying? - I don't know.
I'm British, I I never cry.
But you're saying these nice things about me, and it's making me cry.
And also, this is less important, but the carpeting is really disgusting.
[crying] [wailing] Why are you crying? I just like being a part of things.
[crying] Two humans and a Neutral Janet crying? In the Good Place? I've never been suspicious of anyone, but I think that's about to change.
Oh, no reason to be suspicious, I promise you, we've done nothing untoward.
What's up, fart-faces? Chidi and I just had sex in a closet.
Michael, have you all been lying to me this whole time? That upsets me! I'm gonna try to shake my fist at you.
D'oh! Gosh darn it.
I have no choice, I have to turn you in to the Judge.
Don't bother, I already did.
[twinkling] Hey, Frogman.
The Judge agreed to your terms.
She'll meet you at IHOP.
So, this is the Good Place, huh? [sniffing] Smells like frogs.
Cool.
Let's go.
Sorry, did he just say we're going to IHOP? - Yes.
- Tight.
No, not tight.
The Interdimensional Hole of Pancakes is the most dangerous place in the universe.
Then why are we going? - To save humanity.
- Great.
Any chance I could change real quick? - Nope.
- Cool.
[dramatic music] Bye, guys.
Nice to meet you.
So you're telling me I can't get any pancakes at this IHOP? It's not the place you're thinking of.
This is the Inter-dimensional Hole of Pancakes.
It's the crossroads of all dimensions like Grand Central Station but for space and time.
If you eat anything in this IHOP, you will literally explode.
Yeah, I know.
It's IHOP.
Why are we meeting there? The Judge's powers are limited in the IHOP, so she can't just retire me on the spot.
And I believe that when she hears what I've discovered about the points system, she'll take our side.
If not, then we'll jump through a portal to another dimension, hope our molecules don't liquefy, and regroup from there.
Excuse me.
Okay.
Now watch your step.
Hey, so Yeah, so I don't want to go in there.
I get that.
Come here.
Here are your options.
Option number one [screams] Cruel but necessary.
[screams] Oh, look at this.
They added a tenth dimension.
- [all yelping] - [laughing] Boy.
Permits must have been a headache.
It looks like we're inside a Diane Von Furstenburg pattern from spring 2013! Okay, everyone, just be cool.
I know exactly what's going on.
We all smoked too much salvia.
We got to ride this out for about two, three minutes, and then we'll be back in Pillboi's broken hot tub, and this will all be over.
Hey, is is this a good time to talk? Well, there's no time like the present.
And here there's neither "no time" nor "the present.
" [giggles] Go ahead.
So you know how me and you used to be married when I was dead before? Mm-hmm.
I think I'm starting to catch feelings again for you.
Mm-hmm.
And if I don't double-die in this IHOP and the Judge lady doesn't turn you into a marble do you want to try being boyfriend-girlfriend? I'm not a girl.
But, yes, I'd very much like to go on a date with you somewhere sometime, as opposed to here, which is nowhere at all the times.
- [both chuckle] - You get it? Yeah.
Hey! Butthead! You lie to my face, disrespect my orders, steal the only key to Earth, meddle with an already compromised timeline, kidnap the humans into a Janets' void, and now demand a meeting in the freakin' IHOP? I hate this place! I wouldn't have asked for a meet if it weren't vitally important.
And I promise, no more rule-breaking.
[mockingly] Oh, yeah, really? Cool.
'Cause it kind of looks like you stole a book from Accounting! No more rule-breaking starting now.
Ugh.
Hello, Chidi.
That is a great look for you.
If things don't work out here with old Blondie, you know who to call this bitch.
Sorry.
What is on me right now? Oops.
Where'd you come from, little buddy? No, don't touch it! Tahani, do not touch the Neednoggle.
- What? - Bad.
This is all bad.
[scoffs] Humans are such whiners.
Here, hot pants, let me take care of it for you.
Help.
Ah.
Ah.
Everybody, you're all still standing in the IHOP.
The Judge simply augmented your reality to make you feel like you're in a normal IHOP.
Very smart.
Don't suck up to me, you suck-up.
This is far better.
Instead of a slug creature, I have a cute little scarf.
- No! No! - No, no, no! Don't touch it! Tahani, that's still the Neednoggle.
The Judge just made it look like a scarf.
- Wonderful.
- All right.
Why don't we all sit down so I can fill the Judge in on what we've learned? Your Honor, I once stood in front of you and said I thought there was something wrong with the points system.
I finally know what it is.
Life now is so complicated, it's impossible for anyone to be good enough for the Good Place.
I know you don't like to learn too much about life on Earth to remain impartial, but these days just buying a tomato at a grocery store means that you are unwittingly supporting toxic pesticides, exploiting labor, contributing to global warming.
Humans think that they're making one choice, but they're actually making dozens of choices they don't even know they're making.
Your big revelation is life is complicated? That's not a revelation.
That's a divorced woman's throw pillow.
I mean, this guy chose this tomato.
Those are the consequences.
You don't want the consequences? Do the research.
Buy another tomato.
What else you got? Um I'll tell you what else I got, uh I got this.
Michael.
What what are you doing? The Backpack Kid dance.
- Why? - I don't know.
It makes people happy.
Is it helping? Can I say something? Jean-Paul Sartre once wrote Boring! [grunts] I got this.
I want to tell you about a guy from my dance crew in Jacksonville called Big Noodle.
Well, we gave it our best shot, guys.
It was nice knowing you.
I used to yell at Big Noodle 'cause he always showed up late to rehearsal.
Then one day, the swamp under my house flooded.
I needed a place to crash, so I slept at Big Noodle's house.
Turns out that he had to juggle three jobs to take care of four grandparents who all lived in the same bed just like in "Willy Wonka.
" I never yelled at Big Noodle for being late after that 'cause I knew how hard it was for him to be there.
And he definitely didn't have time to research what tomatoes to buy.
Even if he wanted to, possession of a non-fried vegetable is a felony in Jacksonville.
The point is, you can't judge humans 'cause you don't know what we go through.
Amazingly, Your Honor, he's right.
I didn't really understand people until I went to Earth.
Maybe you should give it a shot.
If you still don't see things our way, then we'll drop it, and you can you know, zappy, zappy, marble, marble.
Yeah, sure.
I'll give it a shot.
I'll go down there.
See what you guys go through.
And then one way or another, this is going to end.
Hey, do you guys know a good place where I can get Mexican food? Oh [scoffs] Mexico.
Duh.
[chuckles] - Whoa.
- [sighs] How long will she be gone? No way to tell.
Uh, my guess is Oh, brother.
That was rough.
- Right? - Sheesh.
Earth is a mess, y'all.
Woof! Also, I guess I'm black? And they do not like black ladies down there.
Crap, y'all.
This is bad.
Where did you go, exactly? Tanzania, Paraguay, Vietnam, Denmark.
It's terrible everywhere and always in a different way.
The only place I liked was Hawaii, although I barely left the resort.
The last place I went was a Black Friday sale at an outlet mall in Michigan.
- Why? - For the deals.
Earth stinks, y'all.
It's hot, and it's crowded but somehow also cold and lonely.
I thought it was going to be so easy to make good decisions.
The first thing I did was I Googled "big, juicy natural tomatoes," which led me to a porn site that was for people with a sunburn fetish or I kind of never recovered.
Right.
That's problem number one.
Life is chaotic and messy and unpredictable.
Problem number two even if you do somehow manage to make good decisions, you still lose points because of the unintended consequences.
Yeah, there are booby traps everywhere.
Like, there's this chicken sandwich that if you eat it, it means you hate gay people.
And it's delicious.
It is.
It is so good.
And I essentially tried to do what you suggested.
I obsessed over every choice.
But that was also bad, and I still got sent to the Bad Place.
So I'm problem number three.
Oh, no, you are nobody's problem, sweetheart.
[sighs] You know, we got to figure this out.
And then Turtle makes a bet with Ronda Rousey, and if she loses, she has to Oh, come on.
I was just in the middle of torturing William Shakespeare by describing the plot to the "Entourage" movie.
What is this? Some new information has come to my attention, and I need a solution.
I want the Bad Place to weigh in on this.
But first, let's have a change of scenery.
[all yelp] Remember, guys, we're still in the IHOP, so be careful.
Shawn, I have reason to believe that humans might be, on average, better than the points system suggests they are.
Counterpoint humans are terrible Limp Bizkit, slavery.
The prosecution rests.
Got to say, that's a solid rebuttal.
Look, there are plenty of awful people and thoughtless jerks, and, I guess Nazis again, somehow.
But there are also people who are really trying to be good, and they aren't getting close.
Because they're not good at being good because they're bad.
The score they got on Earth is how good or bad they are full stop, end of story.
Then why did these four get better over and over again in my Neighborhood? Why did they help each other in ways they had never helped anyone on Earth? I don't know.
Maybe it's a fluke.
Plus, you have zero proof they did get better.
You didn't keep track of their points.
That's it.
I know what we have to Aah! Oh.
He forgot we're still in the IHOP.
Anybody got eyes on Chidi? [high-pitched voice] Help! Help! Can someone grab my tiny boyfriend, please? I'm on it.
And got him.
Ah.
Here you go.
Ah! Ha! [breathing heavily] I I just saw a trillion different realities folding onto each other like thin sheets of metal, forming a single blade.
Yeah, yeah, the Time-Knife.
We've all seen it.
- Let's get back on track, bud.
- Oh, okay, sure.
What I was saying, um, before, you know I saw the Time-Knife? Is this Michael is right.
His Neighborhood gave us the chance to become better people because it removed all the variables that make life on Earth hard.
Yeah, uh, there was no rent to pay, no racism, no sexism.
No awards-show gift-suite publicist infighting.
What? Those gift suites can be a real minefield.
But Shawn is also right.
The four of us becoming better people could be a fluke.
So let's repeat the experiment.
It's what Simone taught us about data collection.
Try it again and see if you get the same results.
Of course! I build a new Neighborhood.
We choose four new people, tell them they're in the Good Place, create challenges for them, track their progress.
My guess is they will do what the original four did.
Seek help, support each other, make wise decisions, improve.
If they do, then it's proof that humans are not "bad, full stop, end of story.
" This is so stupid.
Where would you even put this Neighborhood? I wouldn't allow it to be built in the Good Place, that's for sure.
And I doubt you'd want to come back - to my neck of the woods.
- Ooh.
I have an idea.
Hi, Mindy.
We need to use your backyard.
You need my backyard? For what? We're conducting an important experiment Okay, you know what? I don't care.
In fact, as soon as I started asking the question, I thought to myself, "Why are you asking this? You don't care about the answer.
" Do whatever you want.
Just leave me out of it.
And if you want to talk to someone, talk to Derek.
I'm sure he'll be happy to see you.
Who's Derek? Don't think of Derek as my ex-boyfriend.
I made him, so he's more like my son.
Although I did make him because I was jealous of you and Tahani, so he's kind of my rebound booty call.
So he's your son-rebound-booty-call.
Fine, if you want to put labels on it, I guess he's my son-rebound-booty-call.
But he doesn't mean anything to me.
Also, Derek never really worked right.
He's a buffoon.
You have nothing to worry about.
"How should he love thee? "Or how deem thee wise Who wouldst not leave him in his wandering?" Oh.
I didn't see you there.
I was just reciting some Edgar Allan Poe.
Hi.
I'm Derek.
Welcome to the Medium Place.
[gurgling] Derek, why are you so different? You have Mindy to thank for that.
See, she found a plunger sticking out of the ground behind our house, and every time she hits it, I pass out.
When I come to, I'm a little bit smarter and a little bit better.
Not to brag, but I almost have a full-grown penis now.
It's resplendent and mostly functional.
How many times has Mindy rebooted you? I don't know.
Half a million.
- What? - She reboots me a lot.
Sometimes when she's bored or just needs some "alone time.
" Sometimes just for laughs.
[laughing] Derek.
- Shall we head inside? - Okay.
Cool.
So here are the rules.
Michael designs the new Neighborhood however he wants.
The Bad Place gets to choose the four new humans.
But they have to be the same general level of badness as the original four, all right? No serial killers, no dictators, no one who managed a boy band.
Michael will not get the files in advance, so he does not have forever to plan.
But he can then change the Neighborhood however he wants.
Yeah, I have about a billion objections to this.
- So do I.
- Good.
That means it's a fair compromise.
So one last issue where do we get all the other residents for this place? Well, my original Neighborhood was built for torture, so everyone was a demon.
We can't have that.
I say we get them from the Good Place.
Over my dead skin suit.
Well, what other option do we have? Would anybody like a Medium snack? I myself will be enjoying another classy martini.
Don't mind if I do.
[gasps] I can make the people.
Just like I made Derek.
- Are you sure? - Yes.
If the Judge restores my powers in the Medium Place, I can do it.
They'll be way more advanced than the original Derek.
- No offense.
- None taken.
Okay, the other residents will be comprised of Janet babies.
You will have one year of Earth time to try to improve the humans.
I will be monitoring everything to ensure there's no cheating and to track the humans' progress.
Deal? - [electric buzzing] - [grunting] - Ow! - [chuckling] - Classic.
- Ha ha! - [electric buzzing] - Ow! - Janet? - Hi, there.
- Ah.
- Ready to start building? - Yes.
- I have some ideas for how to design a sort of basic Neighborhood, which we can then tailor to the guests as we learn more about them.
Now, when you say, um, some ideas - I have 11 trillion ideas.
- Yes.
I'm so glad you're here, Janet.
- Me too.
- All right, so [clears throat] What's your first basic idea? [beep] Perfect.
So basic.
[both laugh] [peaceful music] This house was built to torture you.
Why did you have Michael re-create it exactly? Well, in the memories I watched, this was where we fell in love.
So I figured, why mess with success? I mean, blegh, what am I saying? This house is stupid.
And you're lame, and I hate you.
I love you, too.
This is gonna be fun.
I mean, I know we have to help these new people, but most of the time, we'll just get to live together like a normal couple.
We can chill out and just relax - and study philosophy - Have sex.
Horndog.
Nerd! [straining] [beep] Hi, I'm Daphne.
Hi, Daphne, I'm Janet.
I made you.
Great.
I'll wait for your instructions.
Thank you for making me.
Bye.
Okay, Daphne's done.
Only another 185 people to go.
I'll check back in an hour.
- You're doing so good, Janet.
- Thanks, Jason.
- Making people is exhausting.
- [beep] Can't help but notice you're making a bunch of people.
You know, if we pooled our resources, we could be done in two shakes of a lamb's Derek.
Whatever.
Janet doesn't need your help, dude.
Actually, it would go a lot faster.
- Thanks, Derek.
- No problem.
- [beep] - Don't worry.
This is purely professional, okay? Now, be a pal and hold my classy martini while I get down to business.
Let's make people.
[phone ringing] Hello, Your Honor.
[chuckling] You fell for it.
It's me, Shawn.
Just wanted to wish you bad luck.
Trying to psyche me out? You must be scared.
Oh, I'm very confident.
I think we've picked some excellent subjects for your stupid experiment.
When you fail, and you will, I've got something special cooked up for your four little friends.
Let me guess, they're gonna be tortured with penis-flatteners and bees with teeth.
You are so predictable.
Why don't you at least switch it up once in a while? Try using teeth-flatteners and bees with penises.
First of all, that's stupid.
But also, we are switching it up.
When you fail, the four humans will be tortured for all eternity.
But guess who's going to be doing the torturing? Hello, idiot.
[chuckling] We built a Michael suit.
The boys down in R&D said it couldn't be done.
So I made it out of them.
That's Vicky in there right now, taking you for a spin.
You are disgusting.
- Disgusting-ah.
- Oh, Michael.
It's going to be so amazing watching your four BFFs look so sad and betrayed and confused as you, their reformed demon-daddy, unleash a swarm of penis bees.
I invented those.
That was me.
Well, I will just tell them what you're going to do, and they'll know that it isn't really me.
And we'll erase their memories of you telling them.
Thanks for inventing that little trick, by the way.
Very useful.
Have fun, Michael.
Enjoy everything that is about to overwhelm you.
BOTH: Mm, bye, bitch! So how bad is contestant number one? Murderer? War criminal? Instagram DJ? Uh, yeah, um - Are you okay? - Mm-hmm.
Yep.
Just a little jittery.
Last time I designed a Neighborhood, things didn't really go according to plan.
Eh, plans are for wimps.
We should have done this Shellstrop-style don't prepare at all, get drunk the morning of the test, BS our way through it, and then brag about how we didn't even study an still got a C-plus.
- [chuckling] - So what do we got, man? I got to go give everyone a heads-up, remember? Uh, his name is John.
Um, some sort of journalist.
No major crimes or atrocities.
- Is he out there right now? - Mm-hmm.
Wow, that's freaky.
So, based on initial skimming of his file, we will run scenario G48-119.
Jeez, Louise.
Well, you have to be prepared for anything.
I mean, is John coming in thinking that he belongs, or does he know he definitely doesn't? Dude, dude, relax.
All we have to do today is tell John he's in the Good Place, show him around the Neighborhood, and get him to Tahani's welcome party.
That's it.
We can deal with the rest later.
- Right? - Right.
- Right, right, right.
- Hey, listen whatever your plan is, it's gonna be great.
We trust you.
Your friends will always trust you.
[beep] - Okay.
Here I go.
- Okay.
I'm gonna Yep.
Here I go.
I go here.
And - I'm gone.
- Michael? - Oh, yeah, I'm gone.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I can't do this.
Hello? Is anyone here? Michael, buddy, John is awake.
- We need to open the door - Mm-hmm.
And welcome him into the afterlife.
Remember, the whole plan? I do remember.
That's why I can't do it.
It's just too scary.
Oh [whimpering] No [knock at door] Hello?
That's why I can't do it.
It's just too scary.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
No! [KNOCKING] Hello? Okay, listen.
There's a guy out there who's awake and doesn't know what's happening, okay? You gotta pull it together.
You've got this.
No, I absolutely do not.
I'm not meant for any of this, Eleanor.
- I'm just middle management! - [SHUSHES] What if I fail? It'll be like the failure to end all failures.
It'll be an epic fail.
Is my tie getting tighter, or is my neck getting fatter somehow? Oh, this is what we do.
We tell the judge we have to cancel the experiment because I have a fat neck.
She'll understand.
[KNOCKING] Anyone? Uh, okay, Michael.
Listen.
You can do this.
You are Michael.
You are smart and capable.
And you're a fearless leader.
And you are gonna take a deep breath, stand up, open that door and say, "Hi, John.
I'm Michael.
I'm the Architect.
Come on in.
" Got it? [QUIRKY MUSIC] Hi, John.
I'm Eleanor.
I'm the Architect.
Come on in.
[UPLIFTING MUSIC] So, let me sum this up for you, John.
- Ya dead.
- What? But don't worry, it's okay that you're dead, because you, John Wheaton, are in the Good Place.
You're here because of all the incredible things you did on Earth, which are all right in front of me, so let me just check your file.
Mmm, good.
Yes.
That's what I thought.
Wow, John, what a life you've led.
Sorry, did I introduce Michael? [LAUGHS SOFTLY] He's my assistant.
Hi.
He just transferred over here from Dog heaven, so, you know, he's still getting used to people.
What do you say I show you around the neighborhood? So are you, like, an angel or something? Oh, John, aren't you sweet? Enough about me.
So, everything you see is here for you to enjoy for eternity, you and your 321 neighbors.
Ooh, uh, why is it 322 people? Is that number significant somehow? Well Janet? - [SOFT BEEP] - Hi, there.
It's me, Eleanor, the Architect of the neighborhood.
Yep, that is certainly information that I already knew.
Janet is a walking database of all the knowledge in the universe, and since you, John, seem to like asking a relentless number of questions, go ahead.
Ask her anything.
Okay, um, what's the craziest secret celebrity hook up? Drake and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, on and off for years.
Okay, wow.
Wait, so you really do know everything? Kinda seems like she should be running the neighborhood.
Yes, John, in retrospect, that does seem like a much better idea.
Hey, Janet, why don't you take John inside to get some froyo? We'll catch up with you later.
Get over here now, dummy.
- I'm sorry.
- Guys.
- Guys, guys, guys.
- Uh-oh.
Michael looks like me.
That's bad.
Fun little update.
Michael was feeling a bit overwhelmed.
So, new plan.
I'm now the Architect.
And stop making those faces because I already told John, and there's no going back now.
Well, if I could pick anyone to impersonate an immortal deity, well, it would be me, but if it couldn't be me, it'd be you.
Yeah, you're gonna rock this.
You're like the Blake Bortles of whatever's going on right now.
- I'm not really sure.
- Thanks, guys.
I think I can be the Architect.
I saw how Michael ran the neighborhood in the memories he showed me and there was, like, a four-year period where Brad Pitt really wanted everyone to know how into Architecture he was, and I read a lot of those interviews, so I think that might help me.
And before long, Michael will be back to his old self and he can step in and take over, right? Look at the four of you all together.
Oh, I love you so much.
Okay, okay.
That's okay.
Chidi, have Janet translate the gibberish of these files.
Tahani, continue working on the welcome party.
Oh, yes, the party.
So, for the napkins, I would normally do a queen's tuck, but I was thinking of shaking things up a bit with a Yorkshire butterfly.
And this could not matter less.
Very sorry.
- Good-bye.
- [CHUCKLES] - Hey, how's it going? - This is overwhelming.
It's every thought and decision and action from this guy's entire life.
Like, this whole box is just one trip to Wendy's.
Well, keep reading.
According to Michael, I usually asked for your help by, like, day two, so you need to be ready.
You know what? At first, I was kinda nervous.
But so far, I think I'm doing okay.
It's like I became such a good person I almost forgot I'm a world-class liar, baby.
Very fun thing to hear from your girlfriend.
You're doing great, and I have to admit, you being the Architect is kinda hot.
It's kinda like I'm secretly dating my boss not that I ever would have done that.
Yeah, no, me neither.
So, same.
Same.
All right, I gotta get ready for the next person.
Well then, I will say good-bye to you platonically the same way a resident would say good-bye to an Architect.
Eleanor, what if John had seen us? I'm scared, and yet somehow turned on? Scared is the best way to be horny.
[GASPS] Oh, now who's doing the teaching? - [CLIPBOARD SMACKS] - Hey, now, all right.
A little higher.
Thank you.
Tahani Al-Jamil.
Yes? Do I know you? Uh, no, no, but I know you.
I used to write about you all the time on my blog.
"The Gossip Toilet.
" We were the ones that invented the Olsen twins countdown clock for when they became legal.
That was our blog.
That was us.
[LAUGHS] Oh, my.
You were quite mean to me.
Oh, no.
I wouldn't call it mean, okay? My targets were rich and high status and I was just doing the important work of telling truth to power.
So, wait, what about you, huh? You died in Canada? [SHOUTS] That is so weird and embarrassing.
That's like the nip slip of dying [LAUGHS] Okay, listen.
We're gonna catch up later.
I can't wait to hear all about your new nose.
Oh, no.
I didn't get a nose job.
Oh, I know, I just figured we're in heaven so we might as well fix all of our flaws, right? Like, look at me.
Nothing is staying on this face.
- [LAUGHS] Gosh.
- Huh.
What are the odds that you and I would end up spending eternity together? [QUIRKY MUSIC] Eleanor, Michael, it is I, Tahani.
Yeah, we know, babe.
What's wrong? I know John rather, he knows me.
He's a gossip columnist who tortured me on Earth.
He made it seem like I was shallow, plagued with jealousy, and prone to fits of melodrama.
- What are you saying? - Don't you see? The Bad Place didn't pick the worst people.
They picked the people who would be the worst for us.
Of course.
How did I not anticipate this? Shawn didn't just choose a bunch of serial killers.
He chose your tormenters or arch rivals.
Or exes.
[FOREBODING MUSIC] Those motherforkers.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC] This is insane and obviously against the rules.
Yeah, too bad it's not, dill hole.
She'll remember them.
It's going to destroy the integrity of the experiment, Your Honor.
Plus, now I have to live next to a man who once lied and said I wasn't at Diddy's White Party.
I was there, Eleanor.
I was.
You must believe me.
And how are we gonna make Simone better when she's asleep the whole time? Hello? We can't work with this.
Your Honor, you never stipulated that we couldn't choose people who had some sort of connection to them.
And Simone just happened to die on Earth, which was really, really cool [CHUCKLES] You wanna know how it happened, Chidi? It's hilarious.
- No! - Okay, here's my ruling.
It's not against the rules for the four new humans to have connections to the original four.
- Simone and John can stay.
- Booyah.
But it was kind of a dirty trick, so Michael can erase Simone's memory to the point before she met any of you.
Fine.
Have fun with your ex, Chidi.
What's that thing you humans say when you're playing chess and you trap your opponent into an inescapable position? Oh, right.
Eat butt, you ding dongs.
[MAGICAL CHIMING] Okay, okay.
Focus, team.
Michael and I will prep for Simone.
Tahani, keep an eye on John.
Jason, talk to no one.
Go nowhere.
- Do nothing.
- I won't let you down.
Okay, go, guys.
- Are you okay? - I no.
Very obviously, no.
Look, you could spend 100 years in this neighborhood before you even run into Simone.
It'll be easy to avoid her.
No, no, but we don't want me to avoid her.
The whole plan is that I'm supposed to help them learn ethics so they can improve.
Okay, okay.
We can deal with that later.
Let's just take this step by step.
Step one, you leave so I can snap your amnesiac ex-girlfriend out of her post-death coma and welcome her into fake heaven.
That's step one? [UNEASY MUSIC] - Janet? - Hi, there.
Give me your opinion.
Is this a savage insult? "Nice shirt.
Who designed it? Marc Fake-obs?" For people in your social class, that is 84% savage.
Although there is a 29% chance he responds, "Oh, honey," in a tone so devastating you will think of it every day for the rest of time.
I like those odds.
I'll go lay it on him now.
No.
That's exactly what the Bad Place wants me to do.
They sent John here to drag me back into my old patterns insecurity, obsession with social status.
I shan't let it happen.
John, I'm happy you're here with me.
This is going to be good for both of us, and I look forward to putting the past behind us and becoming your friend.
Oh, my God.
You are so cute.
You are so cute, it's gross.
You disgust me.
I love you.
Get out of here.
I never want to see you again.
I love you so much.
[SIGHS] Hi, Simone.
I'm Eleanor.
Come on in.
So, as a neuroscientist, are you surprised there's an afterlife? I am, frankly.
I mean, there's a decent chance this entire thing is just a complex electrochemical reaction caused by my synapses randomly firing in the millisecond after my death.
But this fro-yo is amazing, so I'm just gonna roll with it.
What flavor did you get? I got a twist half strawberry, half male-coworker-gets-called- out-for-stealing-your-ideas.
- Ooh, those go great together.
- Mmm.
- Hi.
- Mmm, hi.
Wow, all the other residents seem so nice.
- The residents are great, yes.
- [CLEARS THROAT] But, uh, don't feel like you need to get to know all of them right away.
Maybe just talk to Michael and me for the first I dunno, 6,000 years or so.
Anyway, you just chill, baby girl.
We'll check in with you later.
[MELLOW MUSIC] That went pretty well, right? I've always been good at pretending I've never met people before.
It's kinda my go-to power move.
I think this new dynamic may actually be good.
You know, it gives me more time to observe and plan.
You'll be the face of the operation and I'll be the mastermind behind the scenes, like Cyrano De Bergerac.
Like, Kris Jenner.
Oh! Totally.
Yeah, I think this is gonna be okay.
- Yeah.
- No, it won't.
It won't be okay, which is why you need to erase my memory and reboot me.
[TENSE MUSIC] What are you talking about? No forking way.
- We're not rebooting you.
- Shawn was right.
Bringing Simone to this neighborhood, it's checkmate.
It completely neutralizes me.
I'll be too freaked out to help the new residents.
The only way to outflank Shawn is to make it so I don't remember Simone.
So, you have to run into your ex occasionally.
That's a part of life, man.
I used to run into my exes all the time at the mall, at the dentist office, when I drunk texted them and told them to come over.
Look, Simone is really perceptive.
I might slip up and reveal something.
Look, this isn't just about me feeling awkward around my ex.
It's more about, if I am awkward around my ex, everyone gets tortured forever.
No, there has to be another way.
Oh, I've got it.
Just remove Simone from Chidi's memory and keep everything else.
- Boom.
- It doesn't work that way.
You all spent a lot of time together, so his memories of you and her are all swirled together.
But let's keep thinking.
Guys, I've thought about this from every angle.
If we don't wipe my memory, I will, one way or the other, ruin the experiment.
- You know I'm right.
- No.
No, man.
It can't be, because if we erase your memory all the way back to before you met Simone, that includes Australia and the study and the Soul Squad and everything.
- That would be erasing - Us.
I know.
So, the plan is to erase Chidi's memory all the way back to when the air conditioner fell on his head in his original timeline.
The judge has given us until tomorrow morning before we have to bring in the other two subjects.
Tahani, the welcome party will be tomorrow night.
Next time you see me, it'll be like I'm a new resident.
I won't know any of you.
So, will you remember that time in Australia when we stayed up late and we ate pizza together? No, buddy, I won't.
Will you remember when we ordered the pizza? No.
Will you remember pizza? Will I remember what pizza is? Yeah.
I'll still know what pizza is.
- Okay, so not a total loss.
- But this is awful.
You two won't be together anymore.
I haven't met a more perfect couple since I set up Drake with Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
Yes, we will no longer be together.
The Bad Place has pulled off the most intricate cork blork of all time.
Hmm, it's a nice touch that the cursing filter maintains the rhyme.
I appreciate that attention to detail.
Hang on.
I'm not giving up yet.
Let's have an old-fashioned brainstorming session.
We'll get Chinese food, and we'll throw pencils and stick them in the ceiling, and someone will say something innocuous and I'll say, "Wait.
Say that again.
" Michael, if there was another choice, we'd choose it.
Believe me.
You like learning about humans, right? This is a classic human situation.
Your friends are going through something awful, and there is nothing you can do about it.
Anyway, let's just rip the Band-Aid off.
Snappy, snappy, wipey, wipey.
I need a few minutes to work it all out, so [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC] [DOOR CLICKS] I hate this.
And I'm sorry.
And did I say that I hate this? Because I hate this.
You don't need to apologize for making a huge sacrifice to save your friends.
This is why people love moral philosophy professors.
[LAUGHS SOFTLY] Well, how about this? Every time you see me get a stomach ache, imagine I'm thinking of you.
So, all the time? Exactly.
Sorry to interrupt.
I wanted to give both of you something before we do this.
Think of it as a going-away present.
[MAGICAL TWINKLING] - - [PROJECTOR CLICKING SOFTLY] [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC] [SNIFFS] I don't normally cry at movies [SCOFFS] But that one was pretty good [SNIFFS] That girl was hot.
The guy was, too.
I'm gonna miss you so much, Eleanor.
Except you won't.
That's what's so scary about this whole thing.
I'm gonna miss you.
You're just gonna think I'm some sexy godlike figure who you wanna hump immediately after meeting her.
I know you're deflecting by making jokes about how hot you are.
It's not a joke.
I'm a legit snack.
- But I believe in you.
- [SNIFFS] I am not even scared to get rebooted because I know that you'll be here, taking care of me.
I wish we had more time together.
Oh, time means nothing.
Jeremy Bearimy, baby.
We'll just get through this.
And then you and I can chill out in the dot of the eye forever.
Right.
We'll be okay.
We found each other before hundreds of times.
We can do it again.
[SIGHS] Bye, Chidi.
- Janet? - [SOFT BEEP] - Hi, there.
- Hi, Janet.
Can you just, you know, like, tell me the answer? Sorry? You know, the answer to everything.
You know all there is to know in the universe.
Crunch the numbers.
Tell me the answer.
What's the point of love if it's just gonna disappear? And how is it worse to not love anybody? There has to be meaning to existence, otherwise the universe is just made of pain, and I don't like the thought of that, so tell me the answer.
I know how you feel.
Back on Earth, I had to watch Jason have no recognition of me.
It felt like right before someone pushes a plunger and murders you.
Sure.
The more human I become, the less things make sense.
But that's part of the fun, right? What do you mean? If there were an answer I could give you to how the universe works, it wouldn't be special.
It would just be machinery fulfilling its cosmic design.
It would just be a big, dumb food processor.
But since nothing seems to make sense, when you find something or someone that does, it's euphoria.
In all this randomness and this pandemonium, you and Chidi found each other, and you had a life together.
Isn't that remarkable? Pandemonium is from "Paradise Lost.
" Milton called the center of hell, "Pandemonium," meaning, "place of all demons.
" Chidi tricked me into reading "Paradise Lost" by telling me Satan was, and I quote, "my type.
" A big, mean, bald guy with a goatee.
- I mean, he wasn't wrong.
- Oh, no.
That's very on brand for you.
[MELLOW MUSIC] I guess all I can do is embrace the pandemonium, find happiness in the unique insanity of being here, now.
We'll do this together.
In the words of the man that I love, "I got you, dog.
" - Thanks, Janet.
- Mmm.
You know, for a robot, you make a really good girl friend.
I'm one out of three of those things, but thank you.
Good luck.
[SOFT BEEP] Okay.
[GENTLE PIANO MUSIC] Hi, Chidi.
I'm Eleanor.
Come on in.
